corpus0.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_American> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "African Americans, also referred to as Black Americans or Afro-Americans, is an ethnic group of citizens or residents of the United States with total or partial ancestry from any of the native populations of Sub-Saharan Africa. The term may also be used to include only those individuals who are descended from African slaves. As a compound adjective, the term is usually hyphenated as African-American.African Americans constitute the second largest racial and ethnic minority in the United States. Most African Americans are of West and Central African descent and are descendants of enslaved blacks within the boundaries of the present United States. However, immigrants from African, Caribbean, Central America, and South American nations and their descendants may or may not also self-identify with the term.African-American history starts in the 16th century, with Africans forcibly taken as slaves to Spanish America, and in the 17th century with African slaves taken to English colonies in North America. After the founding of the United States, black people continued to be enslaved and treated as inferiors. These circumstances were changed by Reconstruction, development of the black community, participation in the great military conflicts of the United States, the elimination of racial segregation, and the Civil Rights Movement. In 2008, Barack Obama became the first African American to be elected president of the United States."@en .corpus0.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Clinton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Jefferson \"Bill\" Clinton (born William Jefferson Blythe III, August 19, 1946) is an American politician who served from 1993 to 2001 as the 42nd President of the United States. Inaugurated at age 46, he was the third-youngest president. He took office at the end of the Cold War, and was the first president from the baby boomer generation. Clinton has been described as a New Democrat. Many of his policies have been attributed to a centrist Third Way philosophy of governance. Before becoming president, he was the Governor of Arkansas for five terms, serving from 1979 to 1981 and from 1983 to 1992. He was also the state's Attorney General from 1977 to 1979.Born and raised in Arkansas, Clinton became both a student leader and a skilled musician. He is an alumnus of Georgetown University, where  he was a member of Kappa Kappa Psi and Phi Beta Kappa and earned a Rhodes Scholarship to attend the University of Oxford. He is married to Hillary Rodham Clinton, who served as United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013 and who was a Senator from New York from 2001 to 2009. Both Clintons earned law degrees from Yale Law School, where they met and began dating. As Governor of Arkansas, Clinton overhauled the state's education system, and served as Chair of the National Governors Association.Clinton was elected president in 1992, defeating incumbent George H. W. Bush. Clinton presided over the longest period of peacetime economic expansion in American history, and signed into law the North American Free Trade Agreement. After failing to pass national health care reform, the Democratic House was ousted when the Republican Party won control of the Congress in 1994 for the first time in 40 years. Two years later, Clinton became the first Democrat since Franklin D. Roosevelt to be elected president twice. He passed welfare reform and the State Children's Health Insurance Program, providing health coverage for millions of children. In 1998, he was impeached for perjury before a grand jury and obstruction of justice during a lawsuit against him, both related to a scandal involving a White House intern. He was acquitted by the U.S. Senate and served his complete term of office. The Congressional Budget Office reported a budget surplus between the years 1998 and 2000, the last three years of Clinton's presidency.Clinton left office with the highest end-of-office approval rating of any U.S. president since World War II. Since then, he has been involved in public speaking and humanitarian work. Clinton created the William J. Clinton Foundation to address international causes such as the prevention of AIDS and global warming. In 2004, he published his autobiography My Life. He has remained active in politics by campaigning for Democratic candidates, most notably for his wife's campaign for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination, and then Barack Obama's presidential campaigns in 2008 and 2012. In 2009, he was named United Nations Special Envoy to Haiti, and after the 2010 Haiti earthquake he teamed with George W. Bush to form the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund. Since leaving office, Clinton has been rated highly in public opinion polls of U.S. presidents."@en .corpus0.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Lady_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The First Lady of the United States (FLOTUS) is the host of the White House, advisor to the President, and often plays a role in social activism. The position is traditionally held by the wife of the President of the United States, concurrent with his term of office.  Historically, if a President is not married, or if the President's wife is unable to act as First Lady, the President usually asks a female relative or friend to act as White House hostess.  The current First Lady is Michelle Obama who, as a result of the re-election of Barack Obama on November 6, 2012, is scheduled to serve until January 20, 2017."@en .corpus0.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Illinois (/ˌɪlɨˈnɔɪ/ IL-i-NOY) is a state in the Midwestern United States. It is the 5th most populous state and 25th largest state in terms of land area, and is often noted as a microcosm of the entire country. With Chicago in the northeast, small industrial cities and great agricultural productivity in central and northern Illinois, and natural resources like coal, timber, and petroleum in the south, Illinois has a diverse economic base and is a major transportation hub. The Port of Chicago connects the state to other global ports from the Great Lakes, via the Saint Lawrence Seaway, to the Atlantic Ocean; as well as the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River, via the Illinois River. For decades, O'Hare International Airport has been ranked as one of the world's busiest airports. Illinois has long had a reputation as a bellwether both in social and cultural terms and politics.Although today the state's largest population center is around Chicago in the northern part of the state, the state's European population grew first in the west, with French Canadians who settled along the Mississippi River, and gave the area the name, Illinois. After the American Revolutionary War established the United States, American settlers began arriving from Kentucky in the 1810s via the Ohio River, and the population grew from south to north. In 1818, Illinois achieved statehood. After construction of the Erie Canal increased traffic and trade through the Great Lakes, Chicago was founded in the 1830s on the banks of the Chicago River, at one of the few natural harbors on southern Lake Michigan. John Deere's invention of the self-scouring steel plow turned Illinois' rich prairie into some of the world's most productive and valuable farmlands, attracting immigrant farmers from Germany and Sweden. Railroads carried immigrants to new homes, as well as being used to ship their commodity crops out to markets.By 1900, the growth of industrial jobs in the northern cities and coal mining in the central and southern areas attracted immigrants from Eastern and Southern Europe. Illinois was an important manufacturing center during both world wars. The Great Migration from the South established a large community of African Americans in Chicago, who created the city's famous jazz and blues cultures.Three U.S. presidents have been elected while living in Illinois: Abraham Lincoln, Ulysses S. Grant, and Barack Obama. Additionally, Ronald Reagan, whose political career was based in California, was the only US President born and raised in Illinois. Today, Illinois honors Lincoln with its official state slogan, Land of Lincoln, which has been displayed on its license plates since 1954. The Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum is located in the state capital of Springfield."@en .corpus0.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kemp> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jack French Kemp (July 13, 1935 – May 2, 2009) was an American politician and a collegiate and professional football player. A Republican, he served as Housing Secretary in the administration of President George H. W. Bush from 1989 to 1993, having previously served nine terms as a congressman for Western New York's 31st congressional district from 1971 to 1989. He was the Republican Party's nominee for Vice President in the 1996 election, where he was the running mate of presidential nominee Bob Dole. Kemp had previously contended for the presidential nomination in the 1988 Republican primaries.Before entering politics, Kemp was a professional quarterback for 13 years. He played briefly in the National Football League (NFL) and the Canadian Football League (CFL), but became a star in the American Football League (AFL). He served as captain of both the San Diego Chargers and Buffalo Bills and earned the AFL Most Valuable Player award in 1965 after leading the Bills to a second consecutive championship. He played in the AFL for all 10 years of its existence, appeared in its All-Star game seven times, played in its championship game five times, and set many of the league's career passing records. Kemp also co-founded the AFL Players Association, for which he served five terms as president. During the early part of his football career, he served in the United States Army Reserve.As an economic conservative, Kemp advocated low taxes and supply-side policies during his political career. His positions spanned the social spectrum, ranging from his conservative opposition to abortion to his more libertarian stances advocating immigration reform. As a proponent of both Chicago school and supply-side economics, he is notable as an influence upon the Reagan agenda and the architect of the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981, which is known as the Kemp–Roth tax cut.After his days in political office, Kemp remained active as a political advocate and commentator, and served on corporate and nonprofit organization boards. He also authored, co-authored, and edited several books. He promoted American football and advocated for retired professional football players. Kemp was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus0.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osama_bin_Laden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Osama bin Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden (/oʊˈsɑːmə bɪn moʊˈhɑːmɨd bɪn əˈwɑːd bɪn ˈlɑːdən/; Arabic: أسامة بن محمد بن عوض بن لادن‎, usāmah bin muḥammad bin ‘awaḍ bin lādin; 10 March 1957 –  2 May 2011) was the founder of al-Qaeda, the militant organization that claimed responsibility for the September 11 attacks on the United States, along with numerous other mass-casualty attacks against civilian and military targets. He was a Saudi Arabian, a member of the wealthy bin Laden family, and an ethnic Yemeni Kindite.Bin Laden was born to the family of billionaire Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden in Saudi Arabia. He studied at university in the country until 1979, when he joined mujahideen forces in Pakistan fighting against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan. He helped to fund the mujahideen by funneling arms, money and fighters from the Arab world into Afghanistan, and gained popularity among many Arabs. In 1988, he formed al-Qaeda. He was banished from Saudi Arabia in 1992, and shifted his base to Sudan, until U.S. pressure forced him to leave Sudan in 1996. After establishing a new base in Afghanistan, he declared a war against the United States, initiating a series of bombings and related attacks. Bin Laden was on the American Federal Bureau of Investigation's (FBI) lists of Ten Most Wanted Fugitives and Most Wanted Terrorists for his involvement in the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings.From 2001 to 2011, bin Laden was a major target of the War on Terror, as the FBI placed a $25 million bounty on him in their search for him. On May 2, 2011, bin Laden was shot and killed inside a private residential compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan, by SCPO Robert O'Neill during a covert operation conducted by members of the United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group and Central Intelligence Agency SAD/SOG operators on the orders of U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_of_Puerto_Rico> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The military defense of Puerto Rico is the responsibility of the United States as part of the Treaty of Paris. Locally, Puerto Rico has its own National Guard, the Puerto Rico National Guard, and its own state defense force, the Puerto Rico State Guard, which, by local law, is under the authority of the Puerto Rico National Guard. The commander-in-chief of both forces is the governor of Puerto Rico, currently Alejandro García Padilla, who delegates his authority to the Puerto Rico Adjutant General, currently Brigadier General Juan José Medina Lamela. The Adjutant General, in turn, delegates the authority over the State Guard to another officer but retains the authority over the Puerto Rico National Guard as a whole. At the national level, the commander-in-chief is the President of the United States, currently Barack Obama.A branch of the U.S. Army National Guard is stationed in Puerto Rico —known as the Puerto Rico Army National Guard— which performs missions equivalent to those of the Army National Guards of the different states of the United States, including ground defense, disaster relief, and control of civil unrest. The local National Guard also incorporates a branch of the U.S. Air National Guard —known as the Puerto Rico Air National Guard— which performs missions equivalent to those of the Air National Guards of the U.S. states."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The President of the United States of America (POTUS) is the head of state and head of government of the United States. The president leads the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces. The person in this position is the leader of the country which has the largest economy and the largest military, with command authority over the largest active nuclear arsenal. The president is frequently described as the most powerful person in the world.Article II of the U.S. Constitution vests the executive power of the United States in the president and charges him with the execution of federal law, alongside the responsibility of appointing federal executive, diplomatic, regulatory, and judicial officers, and concluding treaties with foreign powers with the advice and consent of the Senate. The president is further empowered to grant federal pardons and reprieves, and to convene and adjourn either or both houses of Congress under extraordinary circumstances. Since the founding of the United States, the power of the president and the federal government have grown substantially, and each modern president, despite possessing no formal legislative powers beyond signing or vetoing congressionally passed bills, is largely responsible for dictating the legislative agenda of his party and the foreign and domestic policy of the United States.The president is indirectly elected by the people through the Electoral College to a four-year term, and is one of only two nationally elected federal officers, the other being the Vice President of the United States. The Twenty-second Amendment, adopted in 1951, prohibits anyone from ever being elected to the presidency for a third full term. It also prohibits a person from being elected to the presidency more than once if that person previously had served as president, or acting president, for more than two years of another person's term as president. In all, 43 individuals have served 44 presidencies (Cleveland's two non-consecutive terms each counted) spanning 56 full four-year terms. On January 20, 2009, Barack Obama became the 44th and current president. On November 6, 2012, he was re-elected and is currently serving the 57th term, which ends on January 20, 2017."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religious_affiliations_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The religious affiliations of Presidents of the United States can affect their electability, shape their visions of society and also how they want to lead it, and shape their stances on policy matters. Thomas Jefferson,Abraham Lincoln, William Howard Taft and Barack Obama were accused of being atheists during election campaigns, while others, such as Jimmy Carter, used faith as a defining aspect of their campaigns and tenure to hold the office.Almost all of the presidents can be characterized as Christian, at least by upbringing, though some were unaffiliated with any specific religious body. Some are thought to have been deists, or irreligious. No president thus far has been openly an atheist or an adherent of any non-Christian religion."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Schneider> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stephen Henry Schneider (February 11, 1945 – July 19, 2010) was Professor of Environmental Biology and Global Change at Stanford University, a Co-Director at the Center for Environment Science and Policy of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies and a Senior Fellow in the Stanford Woods Institute for the Environment. Schneider served as a consultant to federal agencies and White House staff in the Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations.His research included modeling of the atmosphere, climate change, and the effect of global climate change on biological systems. Schneider was the founder and editor of the journal Climatic Change and authored or co-authored over 450 scientific papers and other publications. He was a Coordinating Lead Author in Working Group II IPCC TAR and was engaged as a co-anchor of the Key Vulnerabilities Cross-Cutting Theme for the Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) at the time of his death. During the 1980s, Schneider emerged as a leading public advocate of sharp reductions of greenhouse gas emissions to combat global warming. In 2006 Professor Schneider was an Adelaide Thinker in Residence advising the South Australian Government of Premier Mike Rann on climate change and renewable energy policies. In ten years South Australia went from zero to 31% of its electricity generation coming from renewables.An annual award for outstanding climate science communication was created in Schneider's honor after his death."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Daschle> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Thomas Andrew \"Tom\" Daschle (born December 9, 1947) is a policy advisor, lobbyist, former U.S. Senator from South Dakota, and former U.S. Senate Majority Leader. He is a member of the Democratic Party.A South Dakota native, Daschle obtained his university degree there, and served in the United States Air Force.  He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1978 and served four terms. In 1986 he was elected to the Senate, becoming minority leader in 1994. Defeated for re-election in 2004, he took a position as a policy advisor with a lobbying firm, and also became a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress.  He co-authored a book advocating universal health care.Daschle was an early supporter of Barack Obama’s presidential candidacy, and was offered the position of Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services after the 2008 election. He was President Obama's nominee to serve as the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) in the Cabinet, but withdrew his name on February 3, 2009, amid a growing controversy over his failure to accurately report and pay income taxes. He is currently working for The Daschle Group, a Public Policy Advisory of Baker Donelson, a large law firm and lobbying group."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The USA PATRIOT Act is an Act of Congress that was signed into law by George W. Bush on October 26, 2001. Its title is a ten-letter backronym (USA PATRIOT) that stands for \"Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001\".On May 26, 2011, President Barack Obama signed the PATRIOT Sunsets Extension Act of 2011, a four-year extension of three key provisions in the USA PATRIOT Act: roving wiretaps, searches of business records (the \"library records provision\"), and conducting surveillance of \"lone wolves\"—individuals suspected of terrorist-related activities not linked to terrorist groups."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maynard_Keynes> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Maynard Keynes, 1st Baron Keynes, CB, FBA (/ˈkeɪnz/ KAYNZ; 5 June 1883 – 21 April 1946), was a British economist whose ideas have fundamentally affected the theory and practice of modern macroeconomics and informed the economic policies of governments. He built on and greatly refined earlier work on the causes of business cycles, and he is widely considered to be one of the founders of modern macroeconomics and the most influential economist of the 20th century. His ideas are the basis for the school of thought known as Keynesian economics and its various offshoots.In the 1930s, Keynes spearheaded a revolution in economic thinking, overturning the older ideas of neoclassical economics that held that free markets would, in the short to medium term, automatically provide full employment, as long as workers were flexible in their wage demands. Keynes instead argued that aggregate demand determined the overall level of economic activity and that inadequate aggregate demand could lead to prolonged periods of high unemployment. According to Keynesian economics, state intervention was necessary to moderate \"boom and bust\" cycles of economic activity. He advocated the use of fiscal and monetary measures to mitigate the adverse effects of economic recessions and depressions. Following the outbreak of World War II, Keynes's ideas concerning economic policy were adopted by leading Western economies. In 1942, Keynes was awarded a hereditary peerage as Baron Keynes of Tilton in the County of Sussex. Keynes died in 1946; but, during the 1950s and 1960s, the success of Keynesian economics resulted in almost all capitalist governments adopting its policy recommendations.Keynes's influence waned in the 1970s, partly as a result of problems that began to afflict the Anglo-American economies from the start of the decade and partly because of critiques from Milton Friedman and other economists who were pessimistic about the ability of governments to regulate the business cycle with fiscal policy. However, the advent of the global financial crisis of 2007–08 caused a resurgence in Keynesian thought. Keynesian economics provided the theoretical underpinning for economic policies undertaken in response to the crisis by President Barack Obama of the United States, Prime Minister Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom, and other heads of governments.In 1999, Time magazine included Keynes in their list of the 100 most important and influential people of the 20th century, commenting that: \"His radical idea that governments should spend money they don't have may have saved capitalism.\" He has been described by The Economist as \"Britain's most famous 20th-century economist.\" In addition to being an economist, Keynes was also a civil servant, a director of the Bank of England, a part of the Bloomsbury Group of intellectuals, a patron of the arts and an art collector, a director of the British Eugenics Society, an advisor to several charitable trusts, a successful private investor, a writer, a philosopher, and a farmer."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election,_1820> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States presidential election of 1820 was the 9th quadrennial presidential election. It was held from Wednesday, November 1, to Wednesday, December 6, 1820. It was the third and last United States presidential election in which a candidate ran effectively unopposed (the previous two unopposed presidential elections were those of 1789 and 1792, in which George Washington ran without serious opposition). President James Monroe and Vice President Daniel D. Tompkins were re-elected effortlessly and captured all but one electoral vote. The failing Federalist Party did participate in the election of 1820 by fielding a serious vice-presidential candidate (Richard Stockton), but was unable to nominate a national candidate for president.  It was never able to participate again in any federal election. In 1820, Monroe was the third consecutive president to secure re-election to a second term.  The same phenomenon would not occur again until Barack Obama won re-election in 2012."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election,_1960> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States presidential election of 1960 was the 44th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 8, 1960. The Republican Party nominated incumbent Vice President Richard Nixon, while the Democratic Party nominated John F. Kennedy, U.S. Senator from Massachusetts. The incumbent President, Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower, was not eligible for re-election after serving the maximum two terms allowed by the Twenty-second Amendment. This was the first presidential election in which voters in Alaska and Hawaii were able to participate, as both had become states in 1959.Kennedy received 112,827 (0.17%) more votes than Nixon nationwide and although Nixon won the popular vote contest in more individual states (26 to 22), the electoral votes held by those various states, when cast, gave Kennedy an Electoral College victory of 303 to 219.  Nixon was the first candidate in American presidential electoral history to lose an election despite carrying a majority of the states.The 1960 presidential election was the closest election since 1916. A number of factors explain why the election was so close. Kennedy gained since there was an economic recession which hurt the incumbent Republican and he had the advantage of 17 million more registered Democrats than Republicans. Furthermore, the new votes that Kennedy gained among Catholics almost neutralized the new votes Nixon gained among Protestants. Kennedy's campaigning skills decisively outmatched Nixon's. In the end, Nixon's emphasis on his experience carried little weight, and he wasted energy by campaigning in all 50 states instead of concentrating on the swing states. Kennedy used his large, well-funded campaign organization to win the nomination, secure endorsements, and, with the aid of the last of the big-city bosses, get out the vote in the big cities. He relied on running mate Lyndon B. Johnson to hold the South, and used television effectively.This election is notable as being the first presidential election in which both major party candidates were born in the 20th century. It was also the first one in which two incumbent U.S. senators (Kennedy and Johnson) were elected as President and Vice President, a phenomenon that was repeated by Barack Obama and Joe Biden in 2008. In both instances, the President-elect was the younger of the two and also the junior senator from his state.It was also the first presidential election since 1860 that the incumbent Vice President was a presidential nominee."@en .corpus1.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Day_O'Connor> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sandra Day O'Connor (born March 26, 1930) is a retired Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court, serving from her appointment in 1981 by Ronald Reagan until her retirement in 2006. She was the first woman to be appointed to the Court.Prior to O'Connor's appointment to the Court, she was an elected official and judge in Arizona serving as the first female Majority Leader in the United States as the Republican leader in the Arizona Senate.  On July 1, 2005, she announced her intention to retire effective upon the confirmation of a successor. Samuel Alito was nominated to take her seat in October 2005, and joined the Court on January 31, 2006.Considered a federalist and a moderate conservative, O'Connor tended to approach each case narrowly without arguing for sweeping precedents. She most frequently sided with the court's conservative bloc, although in the latter years of her tenure, she was regarded as having the swing opinion in many cases. Her unanimous confirmation by the Senate in 1981 was supported by most conservatives, led by Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater, and liberals, including Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy and women's rights groups like the National Organization for Women.O'Connor was Chancellor of The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, and currently serves on the board of trustees of the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Several publications have named O'Connor among the most powerful women in the world. On August 12, 2009, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor of the United States, by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus10.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secretary_of_Homeland_Security> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Secretary of Homeland Security is the head of the United States Department of Homeland Security, the body concerned with protecting the U.S. and the safety of U.S. citizens.  The secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet. The position was created by the Homeland Security Act following the attacks of September 11, 2001. The new department consisted primarily of components transferred from other cabinet departments because of their role in homeland security, such as the Coast Guard, Federal Protective Service, U.S. Customs and Border Protection (which includes the Border Patrol), Secret Service, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).  It did not, however, include the FBI or the CIA.On January 20, 2009, the Senate confirmed Barack Obama's appointment of Janet Napolitano to be the third Secretary of Homeland Security, effective January 21, 2009. Napolitano resigned effective August 2013 to head the University of California. On October 17, President Obama announced his intention to nominate former Pentagon official Jeh Johnson, and on December 16 the US Senate confirmed the nomination."@en .corpus10.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_James_Byrd,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Byrd, Jr. (May 2, 1949 – June 7, 1998) was an African-American who was murdered by three men, of whom at least two were white supremacists, in Jasper, Texas, on June 7, 1998. Shawn Berry, Lawrence Russell Brewer, and John King dragged Byrd for three miles behind a pick-up truck along an asphalt road.Byrd, who remained conscious throughout most of the ordeal, was killed when his body hit the edge of a culvert, severing his right arm and head. The murderers drove on for another mile before dumping his torso in front of an African-American cemetery in Jasper. Byrd's lynching-by-dragging gave impetus to passage of a Texas hate crimes law. It later led to the federal Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, commonly known as the Matthew Shepard Act, which passed on October 22, 2009, and which President Barack Obama signed into law on October 28, 2009.Lawrence Russell Brewer was executed by lethal injection for this crime by the state of Texas on September 21, 2011. King remains on Texas' death row while appeals are pending, while Berry was sentenced to life imprisonment."@en .corpus10.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacles_National_Park> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Pinnacles National Park is a U.S. National Park protecting a mountainous area located east of the Salinas Valley in Central California, about 5 miles (8.0 km) east of Soledad and 80 miles (130 km) southeast of San Jose. The park's namesakes are the eroded leftovers of the western half of an extinct volcano that has moved 150 miles (240 km) from its original location on the San Andreas Fault, embedded in a portion of the California Pacific Coast Ranges. Pinnacles is managed by the National Park Service and the majority of the park is protected as wilderness.The national park is divided by the rock formations into East and West Divisions, connected by foot trails; there is no through road that connects the east and west entrances to the park.  The east side has shade and water, the west has high walls. The rock formations provide for spectacular pinnacles that attract rock climbers. The park features unusual talus caves that house at least thirteen species of bat. Pinnacles is most often visited in spring or fall because of the intense heat during the summer months. Park lands are prime habitat for prairie falcons, and are a release site for California condors that have been hatched in captivity.Pinnacles National Monument was established in 1908 by U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt. Pinnacles National Park was created from the former Pinnacles National Monument by legislation passed by Congress in late 2012 and signed into law by President Barack Obama on January 10, 2013."@en .corpus10.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Telecommunications_and_Information_Administration> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) is an agency of the United States Department of Commerce that serves as the President's principal adviser on telecommunications policies pertaining to the United States' economic and technological advancement and to regulation of the telecommunications industry.The NTIA administrator is Lawrence E. Strickling, Assistant Secretary of Commerce.  He was confirmed by the United States Senate on June 25, 2009, following his nomination by President Barack Obama.Among its stated goals are: Working to ensure that all Americans have affordable phone and cable TV service. Helping to bring the benefits of advanced telecommunications technologies to millions of Americans in rural and underserved urban areas through its information infrastructure grants. Providing the hardware that enables public radio and television broadcasters to extend and maintain the reach of their programming. Advocating competition and liberalization of telecommunications policies around the world. Participating in international government-to-government negotiations to open markets for U.S. companies. Negotiating with foreign governments to ensure adequate spectrum for national defense, public safety, and U.S. business needs. Promoting efficient use of federal radio spectrum and encouraging the development and implementation of new and emerging telecommunications technologies. Performing long-term research to explore uses of higher frequency spectrum. Working with Federal, state, and local public safety agencies to address future spectrum requirements.↑"@en .corpus100.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwame_Raoul> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kwame Raoul (born September 30, 1964) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 13th district since his appointment to fill the seat vacated by Barack Obama in 2004. He is the chair of the Illinois Senate's Redistricting Committee and the Senate's Pension & Investments Committee."@en .corpus100.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Valley_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Great Valley High School  is a comprehensive, college preparatory, public high school located in eastern Chester County.It is located near Malvern, Pennsylvania. Located on the same campus as Great Valley Middle School, it is the only high school within the Great Valley School District.The school serves students residing in the Great Valley School District in Grades 9-12 and enrolls about 1,150-1,175 students per year. The student to teacher ratio is about 14:1.During the 2008 Democratic Primaries, President Barack Obama gave a speech in Great Valley's gymnasium."@en .corpus100.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Hispanic_Medal_of_Honor_recipients> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Medal of Honor was introduced during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.Sixty-one men of Hispanic heritage have been awarded the Medal of Honor. Of the Sixty-one Medals of Honor presented to Hispanics, two were presented to members of the United States Navy, thirteen to members of the United States Marine Corps and forty-six to members of the United States Army. Forty-two Medals of Honor were presented posthumously.The first recipient was Corporal Joseph H. De Castro of the Union Army for his actions at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania on July 3, 1863, during the American Civil War and the most recent recipient is Sergeant First Class Leroy Petry for his actions in Afghanistan. Corporal De Castro was a member of the Massachusetts Infantry, a militia that was not part of the \"regular\" army; however, Private David Bennes Barkley was a member of the regular army during World War I and has been recognized as the Army's first Hispanic Medal of Honor recipient. In 1864, Seaman John Ortega became the first Hispanic member of the U.S. Navy to receive the Medal of Honor and in 1900, Private France Silva became the first person of Hispanic descent in the U.S. Marine Corps to receive the medal. President Barack Obama awarded the Medal of Honor to 17 Hispanics on a March 18, 2014 in a ceremony in the White House. The award comes through the National Defense Authorization Act which called for a review of Jewish American and Hispanic American veterans from WWII, the Korean War and the Vietnam War to ensure that no prejudice was shown to those deserving the Medal of Honor.Fifteen recipients were born outside the United States mainland, one each in Chile and Spain, five in Mexico and eight in Puerto Rico. Seaman Philip Bazaar from Chile received the medal in January 1865 and Seaman John Ortega from Spain in December 1865. The first native Mexican recipient was Staff Sergeant Marcario Garcia and the first Puerto Rican was PFC Fernando Luis Garcia. 1st Lt. Rudolph B. Davila, of Hispanic-Filipino descent, was the only person of Filipino ancestry to receive the medal for his actions in the war in Europe during World War II. Private Joe P. Martinez was the first Hispanic-American recipient to be awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for combat heroism on American soil during the same conflict. 1st Lt. Baldomero Lopez, is the only Hispanic graduate of the United States Naval Academy recipient of the Medal of Honor. Captain Humbert Roque Versace was the first recipient of the Medal of Honor to be given to an Army POW for his actions during captivity in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War."@en .corpus100.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimney_Rock_National_Monument> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article is about the U.S. National Monument in Colorado. For the U.S. National Historic Site in Nebraska, see Chimney Rock National Historic SiteChimney Rock National Monument is a 4,726-acre (1,913 ha) U.S. National Monument in San Juan National Forest in southwestern Colorado which includes an archaeological site.  This area is located in Archuleta County, Colorado between Durango and Pagosa Springs and is managed for archaeological protection, public interpretation, and education.  The Chimney Rock Archaeological Site has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1970.  U.S. President Barack Obama created Chimney Rock National Monument by proclamation on September 21, 2012 under authority of the Antiquities Act."@en .corpus101.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexi_Giannoulias> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alexander \"Alexi\" Giannoulias (/əˈlɛksi dʒəˈnuːli.əs/ jeh-NOO-lee-us; born March 16, 1976) is an American politician who served as Illinois Treasurer from 2007 to 2011. A Democrat, Giannoulias defeated Republican candidate State Senator Christine Radogno in November 2006 with 54 percent of the vote, becoming the first Democrat to hold the office in 12 years and, at the age of 30, the youngest state treasurer in the nation.On July 26, 2009, Giannoulias announced his candidacy in the 2010 election for the seat in the United States Senate held by Roland Burris. Burris, who was appointed by Governor Rod Blagojevich to fill the seat vacated by Barack Obama following Obama's election as President of the United States, chose not to seek election. Giannoulias won the Democratic primary on February 2, 2010, then faced Republican Mark Kirk as well as Green Party candidate LeAlan Jones and Libertarian Michael Labno in the general election in November 2010. Kirk won the election."@en .corpus101.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_7th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Washington's 7th congressional district encompasses most of Seattle, all of Vashon Island, Edmonds, Shoreline, Kenmore, and parts of Burien and Normandy Park. Since 1989, the 7th District has been represented in the U.S. House of Representatives by Jim McDermott, a Democrat.  The 7th is the most Democratic district in the Pacific Northwest, and the most Democratic district on the West Coast outside of the San Francisco Bay Area or Los Angeles. It is also the most Democratic majority-white district in the United States.  Democrats dominate every level of government, and routinely win elections by well over 70 percent of the vote. Al Gore swept the 7th District in 2000 with 72% of the vote while John Kerry won 79% of the vote in the district in 2004. Barack Obama took in 84% of the vote in the district in 2008. Washington's seventh seat in the U.S. House was added following the 1950 census, but the state did not immediately reapportion. It was contested as a statewide at-large seat for three elections: 1952, 1954, and 1956; and voters cast ballots for two congressional seats, their district and the at-large. Democrat Donald H. Magnuson won all three at-large elections. The 1958 election was the first after the state reapportioned to seven districts; Magnuson was elected to the new district in 1958 and 1960, but lost in 1962."@en .corpus101.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_5th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Washington's 5th congressional district encompasses the Eastern Washington counties of Ferry, Stevens, Pend Oreille, Lincoln, Spokane, Whitman, Walla Walla, Columbia, Garfield, and Asotin.  It is centered on Spokane, the state's second largest city.Since 2005, the 5th District has been represented in the U.S. House of Representatives by Cathy McMorris Rodgers, a Republican. Rodgers's predecessor, George Nethercutt, defeated Tom Foley, then Speaker of the House, in the 1994 elections; Foley had held the seat since 1965.In presidential elections, the 5th District was once fairly competitive, but in recent years has generally been a safe bet for the Republicans. Although George W. Bush carried the district with 57% in 2000 and 2004, John McCain just narrowly won the district with 52% of the vote, while Barack Obama received 46% in 2008. In 2012, President Obama's share of the vote dropped to 44%.The first election in the 5th District was in 1914, won by Democrat Clarence Dill.  Following the 1910 census, Washington gained two seats in the U.S. House, from three to five, but did not reapportion for the 1912 election. The two new seats were elected as statewide at-large, with each voter casting ballots for three congressional seats, their district and two at-large. After that election, the state was reapportioned to five districts for the 1914 election. The state's 6th District was added after the 1930 census and first contested in the 1932 election."@en .corpus101.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_debate_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A debate exists within the United States government, and American society at large, over whether the one-cent coin, commonly called the penny, should be eliminated as a unit of currency in the United States. Two bills introduced in the U.S. Congress would have ceased production of pennies, but neither bill was approved. Such a bill would leave the nickel, at five cents, as the lowest-value coin. On February 15, 2013, President Barack Obama stated his willingness to eliminate the penny."@en .corpus101.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wilson_(university_administrator)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Wilson, Ed.D has been  president of Morgan State University in Baltimore, Maryland since July 1, 2010. Dr. David Wilson is the 12th president of Morgan State University and has a long record of accomplishments and more than 30 years of experience in higher education administration. Dr. Wilson holds four academic degrees: a B.S. in political science and an M.S. in education from Tuskegee University; an Ed.M. in educational planning and administration from Harvard University and an Ed.D. in administration, planning and social policy, also from Harvard. He came to Morgan from the University of Wisconsin, where he was chancellor of both the University of Wisconsin Colleges and the University of Wisconsin–Extension. Before that, he held numerous other administrative posts in academia, including: vice president and associate provost at Auburn University, and associate provost of Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey.Dr. Wilson’s tenure as Morgan’s president has been characterized by great gains for the university. Among the many highlights: historic enrollment increases; procurement of the university’s largest-ever research contract, a $28.5-million, five-year contract from NASA; procurement of a $23.3 million grant from NIH, inclusion of Morgan as one of the recipients of a $129-million energy innovation research grant to Penn State University; the launch of an aggressive initiative to maintain excellence in customer service and improve the information technology infrastructure on campus; new construction on campus valued at $234 million; signing of articulation agreements with several two-year colleges, bringing Morgan bachelor’s degrees to their campuses; approval of Morgan’s first off campus baccalaureate program by the State of Maryland; establishment of Morgan’s first online degree program; a significant expansion of study abroad opportunities for Morgan students and the continuation of Morgan’s tradition of producing Fulbright Scholars. Under Dr. Wilson's tenure, retention rates at Morgan are at all-time highs, and the graduation rate has increased by more than 20%. Further, alumni giving to the University has increased by nearly 160%, and annual giving to the University has increased by over 40%.Dr. Wilson has authored 2 books and more than 20 articles published in scholarly journals. Among the many honors and recognitions he has received for his work: he was named one of the nation’s top 100 leaders in higher education by the American Association of Higher Education in 1998, was selected as one of The Maryland Daily Record newspaper’s Influential Marylanders for 2011, and was honored by the University of Alabama with an award for outstanding leadership in engaged scholarship in April 2011. Dr. Wilson serves on the Boards of the American Council on Education, the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, the Association of American Colleges and Universities, as well as the Board of Directors of the Greater Baltimore Committee,and the United Way of Central Maryland, and on the Governing Board of the Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center. He is a member of the Maryland Humanities Council — appointed by Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley — and the P-20 Leadership Council of Maryland. In February 2010, President Barack Obama appointed him to the White House Board of Advisors on Historically Black Colleges and Universities.Dr. Wilson’s achievements as leader of Maryland’s Public Urban University have clearly been strong, but it is the character he brings to the presidency, a character shaped by the intangibles of his background, that is perhaps most impressive of all. Dr. Wilson grew up with ten siblings on a sharecropper farm outside the small town of McKinley, Ala. Through hard work, tenacity and the encouragement of his father and his teachers, he became the first person in his family to attend college.Dr. Wilson’s educational philosophy is to put the students’ experience first. As a leader, he is a consensus builder and a strong believer in transparency of process. His goal is to make Morgan a leader in producing the next wave of innovators in the U.S.“I’ve always tried to create an atmosphere where I work so people don’t see what they do as a job,” he says. “It’s a calling.”"@en .corpus102.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Chew> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ray Chew (born c. 1968) is an American musician who specializes in keyboards and contemporary and orchestral arranging.Chew was a member of the Saturday Night Live Band from 1980 to 1983. As of the late 2000s, he is the music director for the syndicated television series Showtime at the Apollo, and the bandleader on the The Singing Bee.Chew was the bandleader during the 2008 Democratic National Convention and at the Barack Obama Neighborhood Ball a the First inauguration of Barack Obama in 2009.He grew up in the Grant Houses, located on 125th Street, several blocks west of the Apollo Theater.As of 2009, he was a resident of Teaneck, New Jersey, having moved there from New York City in the late 1990s.It was announced on December 30, 2010 that he will be replacing Rickey Minor as the new music director on American Idol.In February 2014, it was announced that he will also be replacing Harold Wheeler as orchestra leader, starting in upcoming eighteenth season of Dancing with the Stars."@en .corpus102.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Bleyer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kevin Bleyer is the multiple Emmy award-winning former writer for The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, a contributor to President Barack Obama's speeches, a co-author of the #1 NY Times Bestseller Earth: The Book, and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations."@en .corpus102.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Guerra-Mondragón> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gabriel Guerra-Mondragón (born September 4, 1942 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) was the United States Ambassador to Chile from 1994-1998. Nominated by President Bill Clinton in July 1994, and was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 4 of that year. He was administered the oath of office by Vice President Albert Gore on October 25, 1994 and arrived in Santiago on November 8, 1994 to present his credentials to Chilean President Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle.As the ambassador to Chile, Gabriel Guerra-Mondragón angered many right-wing Chilean leaders because he publicly stated that the Chilean president does not have the Constitutional authority to remove the top military leaders, according to the Chilean constitution of 1980.  Many of Pinochet's supporters in the Chilean parliament were infuriated by these remarks, however left-wing politicians and other Pinochet opponents considered that the ambassador had merely spoken the truth.An alumnus of Fordham University; the School of Advanced International Studies of Johns Hopkins University; and the University of Puerto Rico School of Law, Guerra-Mondragón has an extensive knowledge and background in the field of international relations and is fluent in Spanish and English.He joined the Foreign Service of the United States in 1976. His assignments included as a Foreign Service Officer included Nicaragua Desk Officer in the United States Department of State in 1977; Executive Director, US National Commission for UNESCO from 1977–1979; Staff Assistant in the Office of the Secretary of State from 1979–1980; Special Assistant to the Ambassador and then Political Officer at the US Embassy in Mexico City from 1980–1983; and Colombia Desk Officer in the Department of State from 1983-1984.In 1984, Ambassador Guerra-Mondragón was assigned on a detail from the Department of State as Deputy Program Director for Latin America and the Caribbean of the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs in Washington, DC, where he served until 1986. In that year, he became President of TKC International Incorporated in Washington, D.C.. In 1994, he was appointed by President Clinton as a Commissioner of the American Battle Monuments Commission in Washington, DC.In addition to his foreign service experience, Ambassador Guerra-Mondragón is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations; a former member of the Puerto Rican Legal and Education Defense Fund; and a member of the Puerto Rico Bar AssociationAppointed by President Barack Obama to the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board in 2012. Board Member of the Jose Limon Dance Foundation, New York.He is the grandson of Miguel Guerra Mondragón, who was a very well known attorney and politician in Puerto Rico."@en .corpus102.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Response_Concepts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Creative Response Concepts (CRC) Public Relations is an American public relations firm best known for helping to devise the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth campaign attacking John Kerry’s Vietnam War record in the 2004 presidential race.With one Alexandria, Virginia office, it is run by former Pat Buchanan communications director Greg Mueller, with help from former Pat Robertson communications director Mike Russell.CRC was also hired by the Discovery Institute during the Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District trial over teaching intelligent design in public schools.In 2006, they were retained to help promote the 2006 film World Trade Center directed by Oliver Stone.The company was hired to promote The Case Against Barack Obama a 2008 book by David Freddoso and put out by Regnery Publishing.CRC is also the PR agency of record for the anti-LGBT anti-Marriage Equality organization, 'The National Organization for Marriage'"@en .corpus102.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Horrocks> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter John Gibson Horrocks (born 8 October 1959) is Director of the BBC World Service. He was educated at the independent King's College School in Wimbledon and at Christ's College, Cambridge.Horrocks joined the BBC in October 1981 as a news trainee. He went on to work at Newsnight as an assistant producer and then producer. After time as a senior producer, intake editor and output editor on Breakfast Time, he became deputy editor of Panorama in 1988.Horrocks edited BBC television's General Election results coverage in 1992. He edited the coverage of the Budget, by-elections and local elections, as well as the 1994 European Election results and General Election results programmes in May 1997.In May 1992, Horrocks was appointed editor of BBC Two's social affairs programme, Public Eye, a position he held until he launched Here And Now, a current affairs magazine intended to capture high audience figures, in January 1994. He became editor of Newsnight in April 1994, and editor of  Panorama in December 1997. Horrocks became Head of Current Affairs in June 2000. He was executive producer of Brits, True Spies, Smallpox 2002, The Day Britain Stopped, Dirty War and of the documentary trilogy The Power of Nightmares.Horrocks won Bafta awards in 1997 and 2005 for his editorship of Newsnight and for The Power of Nightmares.He became Head of Television News in September 2005. In November 2007, following a restructuring of BBC News, he became Head of the BBC newsroom.As Head of Diversity when Barack Obama became US President in 2008, Horrocks only belatedly realised the coverage needed to be presented by an ethnically mixed group.  He later admitted that 'with hindsight' he would have ensured a more culturally representative team.In April 2009, he replaced Nigel Chapman at BBC World Service and has been responsible for the overall editorial leadership and management of the world's leading international multimedia broadcaster since then. He is the chairman of the BBC Media Action Board of Trustees (Previously called the BBC World Service Trust). The Open University announced on 11 December 2014, that Peter had been appointed Vice-Chancellor of the University, taking over the role vacated by Martin Bean. He is due to take up the post from Tuesday 5 May 2015."@en .corpus102.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsyth_Technical_Community_College> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Forsyth Technical Community College is a two-year public community college in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, serving Forsyth and Stokes counties. The college is one of the largest in the North Carolina Community College System, with an enrollment of over 11,000 credit students and 31,000 Corporate and Continuing Education students.The college has eight locations and offers many distance learning classes and specialty programs in addition to 67 Associates in Applied Science degrees, 20 college transfer (Associates in Arts and Associates in Science) degrees, 35 diplomas, and 67 certificates.Under the leadership of Dr. Bob H. Greene (May 25, 1936-July 14, 2011), the university grew at an unprecedented rate, adding two new facilities and gaining further prestige in the Winston-Salem community.Forsyth Tech was briefly mentioned in President Barack Obama's 2011 State of the Union address as an example of education reform in low-income and low-opportunity areas. President Obama visited the school to give a speech on October 6, 2010."@en .corpus103.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Whitaker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matthew G. Whitaker (born October 29, 1969 in Des Moines, Iowa) is a former U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa. He was appointed June 15, 2004 by President George W. Bush. Whitaker resigned in November 2009 following the appointment and confirmation of Nicholas A. Klinefledt, who was appointed by President Barack Obama.Whitaker graduated with an Master of Business Administration, Juris Doctor and Bachelor of Arts from the University of Iowa. While at Iowa, Whitaker played tight end for the University of Iowa Hawkeyes football team, appearing in Iowa's most recent Rose Bowl game in 1991.Whitaker, a Republican, ran unsuccessfully for Treasurer of Iowa in 2002, losing to incumbent Democrat Michael Fitzgerald by 55% to 43%, and was a candidate for the United States Senate seat being vacated by Democrat Tom Harkin in 2014. He came fourth in the Republican primary, with 11,909\tvotes (7.54%).Matthew is currently a managing partner of Des Moines based law firm, Whitaker Hagenow & Gustoff LLP. He also sits on the advisory board for World Patent Marketing, a patent assistance organization based out of Miami, FL."@en .corpus103.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrone_Yates> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tyrone Keith Yates(born January 22, 1954) is a Hamilton County Municipal Court Judge. He was elected on November 8, 2011. He was unopposed to fill the unexpired term of Judge Nadine Lovelace Allen who was elected to the Hamilton County Court of Common Pleas. His new term runs until January 1, 2014. He was appointed originally by Ohio Governor Ted Strickland on January 26, 2010. The Hamilton County Municipal Court serves approximately 900,000 citizens.Judge Yates is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 33rd District from 2003-2010.Yates was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and graduated from Withrow High School in 1972. He received a B.A. degree in history from the University of Cincinnati in 1978 and a J.D. from the University of Toledo College of Law in March, 1981. He has studied in executive programs at Harvard Law School (PIL, 1986) and Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government (May,1997). While at the University of Cincinnati, Yates was elected president of the student body  in 1975, served as student representative to the UC Board of Trustees (1975–76) and earned the Jones Prize for Oratorical Excellence in 1978 (Senior Oration Prize). At the University of Toledo College of Law, Yates was a Fornoff Moot Court Semi-Finalist, served on the Jessup International Law Moot Court Team, served as Vice-Chairman of BALSA, was elected to the Governing Board of the law school and the Order of the Barristers. After his first year of law school, he was appointed to a  White House Internship in the Summer of 1979 to the staff of President Jimmy Carter.Yates is a former State of Ohio Assistant Attorney General and former Associate at White, Getgey, and Meyer Co., LPA.Tyrone K. Yates was selected twice to serve as Vice-Mayor of Cincinnati and served as a Member of Cincinnati City Council from 1990 to 1999. In the 1997 election, he was endorsed by both the Democratic Party of Hamilton County and the Charter Committee of Greater Cincinnati.While a Trial Counsel in the Juvenile Division of the Hamilton County Public Defender's Office (2000-2003), Yates served as Chairman of Cincinnati's Citizens Committee on Youth (2002).Yates is a former Treasurer and President of the Ohio Legislative Black Caucus and Chairman of the Ohio Legislative Black Caucus Foundation. In 2008, Yates served as Chairman of the Local Host Blue Ribbon Committee for the NAACP National Convention. He was Elections Chairman for the Ohio State Conference of the NAACP in 2008.He is a two time Delegate to the Democratic National Convention (2004 and 2008). In 2008, Yates was a Delegate pledged to United States Senator Barack Obama.While in the Ohio House of Representatives, Yates served on the Finance and Appropriations, Ways and Means, Civil and Commercial Law, and Criminal Justice Committees. He chaired the Committee on Criminal Justice. He also served on the State Criminal Sentencing Commission. Yates was selected to serve as Chairman of the eight member bi-cameral Correctional Institution Inspections Committee. Yates served on the special legislative committee which was charged with recommending a distinguished Ohioan to be represented among the significant Americans in Statuary Hall in the United States Capitol. He is a former member of the Ohio Arts Council and a former Adjunct Associate Professor of Political Science at the University of Cincinnati.Yates is a former Junior and Senior Warden of St. Andrews Episcopal Church, a Life Member of the American Angus Association, the National Association For The Advancement Of Colored People, the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, The Friends of the Harriet Beecher Stowe House, and the Navy League of the United States. He is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity, UC honorary Sigma Sigma, and The Argus Club of Cincinnati, Incorporated.He is working on a book on the admission of James H. Meredith to the University of Mississippi during the Kennedy Administration.Yates received the 2010 Myrl H. Shoemaker Award from the Ohio Democratic Party. In 2009, he received the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Corrections Gold Star Award, the OACAA Don Striker Legislative Bulldog Award and the Oscar B. Griffith Leadership Award from Ohio Urban Resource Systems, Inc. He serves on the Boards of the Harriet Beecher Stowe House, Center for Holocaust and Humanity Education, Ohio Legislative Black Caucus Foundation,  Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, and SOTENI International,Inc. (an international AIDS prevention foundation working in Kenya). Yates is the 58th annual recipient of the NAACP Theodore M. Berry Award for 2013."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Arpaio> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joseph M. \"Joe\" Arpaio (born June 14, 1932) is the six-time elected sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona. First voted into office in 1992, Arpaio is responsible for law enforcement in Maricopa County. This includes management of the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office (MCSO), county jail, courtroom security, prisoner transport, service of warrants, and service of process.Starting in 2005, he took an outspoken stance as an advocate for strong enforcement of immigration law, and became a flashpoint for opposition to Arizona's SB1070 anti-illegal immigrant law, which was largely struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court.  He is well known for attracting media attention, and styles himself as \"America's Toughest Sheriff\".A controversial figure, Arpaio has been accused of abuse of power, misuse of funds, failure to investigate sex crimes, improper clearance of cases, unlawful enforcement of immigration laws, and election law violations, amongst others. He has been found guilty of racial profiling in federal court, with a monitor appointed to oversee the MCSO's operations. His jails have twice been ruled unconstitutional. The U.S. Department of Justice concluded that Arpaio oversaw the worst pattern of racist profiling in U.S. history, and subsequently filed suit against him for unlawful discriminatory police conduct.Arpaio is also known for his investigation of U.S. President Barack Obama's birth certificate, and his claim that it is forged."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Baker_(author)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For the hockey player, see Kevin Baker (hockey).Kevin Baker (born 1958) is an American novelist and journalist.  He was born in Englewood, New Jersey, and grew up in New Jersey and Rockport, Massachusetts.As a youth he worked on the Gloucester Daily Times, covering school-boy sports, as well as local town meetings and other civic affairs. He graduated from Columbia University, where he majored in political science, in 1980.Baker is the author of the City of Fire trilogy, published by HarperCollins, which consists of the following historical novels: Dreamland (1998); the bestselling Paradise Alley (2002); and Strivers Row (2006).  The middle volume of the trilogy won the 2003 James Fenimore Cooper Prize for Best Historical Fiction and the American Book Award. Baker has also written a contemporary baseball novel called Sometimes You See it Coming (1993), and a graphic novel called Luna Park (2009). He was chief historical researcher on Harold Evans’s illustrated  history of the United States, The American Century..  In addition, Baker is the author of America: The Story of Us (2010), the companion book to the History Channel series of that same name, and he wrote the new final chapter for the reissue of Baseball, the companion book to Ken Burns' 10-part film, Baseball, which has aired on public television. In the fall of 2014, Baker published a historical novel (with Houghton Mifflin Harcourt) called The Big Crowd.  In the New York Times Book Review, Scott Turow wrote: \"Best of all, the novel delivers on what the title promises....I've read few other novels that portray, in such a nuanced way, the temptations of power, the complex division of control in a great metropolis and the perils of political deal-making.\"  In addition, in that same season, Baker wrote an as-told-to book with Yankees slugger Reggie Jackson called Becoming Mr. October (Doubleday).Baker resides in New York, where he is a contributing editor to Harper's Magazine.  He was formerly a columnist for \"In the News\" in American Heritage magazine, and is a regular contributor to The New York Times and The New York Times Book Review. Baker appeared on C-SPAN's Washington Journal and The Colbert Report in the summer of 2009, to discuss the Barack Obama Presidency."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_of_Justice_Assistance> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA) is a component of the Office of Justice Programs, within the United States Department of Justice.On Monday, December 13, 2010, President Barack Obama sent to the U.S. Senate the nomination of Denise O'Donnell, of New York, to be the Director of the Bureau, in the place of Domingo S. Herraiz, who resigned.BJA Mission:To provide leadership and services in grant administration and criminal justice policy development to support local, state, and tribal justice strategies to achieve safer communities. The BJA's overall goals are to (1) reduce and prevent crime, violence, and drug abuse and (2) improve the functioning of the criminal justice system. To achieve these goals, BJA programs emphasize enhanced coordination and cooperation of federal, state, and local efforts. BJA's objectives in support of these goals are to: Encourage the development and implementation of comprehensive strategies to reduce and prevent crime and violence.  Encourage the active participation of community organizations and citizens in efforts to prevent crime, drug abuse, and violence.  Provide training and technical assistance in support of efforts to prevent crime, drug abuse, and violence at the national, state, and local levels.  Reduce the availability of illegal weapons and develop strategies to address violence in our communities.  Enhance the capacity of law enforcement agencies to reduce crime.  Improve the effectiveness and efficiency of all aspects of the adjudication process, including indigent defense services.  Assist states in freeing prison space for serious and violent offenders through the design and implementation of effective correctional options for nonviolent offenders.  Enhance the ability of criminal justice agencies to access and use new information technologies.  Encourage and support evaluation of the effectiveness of funded programs and dissemination of program results. The BJA has three primary components: National Policy, State Policy, and Planning. The National Policy Office provides national leadership in criminal justice policy, training, and technical assistance to further the administration of justice. It also acts as a liaison to national organizations that partner with the BJA to set policy and help disseminate information on best and promising practices. The State Policy Office coordinates and administers all state and local grant programs and acts as the BJA's direct line of communication to states, territories, and tribal governments by providing assistance and coordinating resources. The Planning Office coordinates the planning, communications, and budget formulation and execution; provides overall BJA-wide coordination; and supports streamlining efforts."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin's_1st_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wisconsin's 1st congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in southeastern Wisconsin, covering Kenosha County, Racine County and most of Walworth County, as well as portions of Rock County, Waukesha County and Milwaukee County. The district's current Representative is Republican Paul Ryan, who was the Republican candidate for Vice President of the United States in the United States presidential election, 2012.A swing district, it was carried by George W. Bush in 2004 with 53%; the district voted for Barack Obama over John McCain in 2008, 51.40-47.45%; and the district voted for Mitt Romney over Barack Obama in 2012, 52.12%-47.88%."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin's_2nd_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in southern Wisconsin, covering Dane County, Iowa County, Lafayette County, Sauk County and Green County, as well as portions of Richland County and Rock County [1]. The district includes Madison, the state's capital, its suburbs and some of the surrounding areas. The district is currently represented by Democrat Mark Pocan, who succeeded current Senator Tammy Baldwin in 2013.Historically, the district has tilted Democratic, due largely to the presence of heavily Democratic Madison.  It was a swing district for much of the 1990s and early 2000s. and was held by a Republican from 1991 to 1999.  However, since the 2000s round of redistricting, only the Milwaukee-based 4th District is considered more Democratic.  John Kerry won the district in 2004 with 62% of the vote. Barack Obama also swept the district in 2008 with 69% of the vote to John McCain's 30%."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin's_3rd_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wisconsin's 3rd congressional district is a U.S. congressional district covering much of southwestern and western Wisconsin; The district includes the cities of La Crosse and Eau Claire. It borders the states of Minnesota, Iowa, and Illinois. Democrat Ron Kind has represented the district since 1997.The political nature of the district is moderate with a slight lean to the left, given its combination of an overall rural and suburban character counterbalanced by two significant urban centers (Eau Claire and La Crosse) and its proximity to Minneapolis and St. Paul. It historically elected moderate Republicans; before Kind's 1996 victory only two Democrats represented it in the 20th century.  John Kerry narrowly carried the district in 2004 with 51% of the vote. The district voted more Democratic in 2008, giving Barack Obama 58% of the vote and 41% to John McCain."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin's_4th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wisconsin's 4th congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in Wisconsin, encompassing a part of Milwaukee County and including all of the city of Milwaukee and its working-class suburbs of Cudahy, St. Francis, South Milwaukee, and West Milwaukee. Recent redistricting has added the Milwaukee County North Shore communities of Glendale, Shorewood, Whitefish Bay, Fox Point, Bayside, and Brown Deer to the district. It is currently represented by Gwen Moore, a Democrat. In the 21st century this has been the most Democratic congressional district in Wisconsin. John Kerry won 69% of the vote here in 2004. Barack Obama also swept the district in 2008 by a three-to-one margin over John McCain with 75.39% of the vote to McCain's 23.61%."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin's_5th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wisconsin's 5th congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in Wisconsin, covering all of Washington County, some of Waukesha County and portions of Milwaukee and Jefferson counties. The district includes the northern Milwaukee suburbs as well as the more affluent western suburbs. It is currently represented by Republican Jim Sensenbrenner.This is the wealthiest and most Republican district in Wisconsin. George W. Bush carried the district in 2004 with 63% of the vote. The 5th District was the only district in Wisconsin that John McCain won in 2008, giving 57.73% of the vote to McCain and 41.28% to Barack Obama.Prior to the 2000 census (when Wisconsin lost a seat in Congress), the 5th District was a Milwaukee district, with vastly different boundaries and political history, represented often by Democrats or even Socialists. The district now numbered the 5th was primarily encompassed in Wisconsin's 9th congressional district until the abolition of the latter."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin's_6th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wisconsin's 6th congressional district is a congressional district of the United State House of Representatives in eastern Wisconsin. The district includes all or portions of the following counties: Adams, Columbia, Dodge, Fond du Lac, Green Lake, Jefferson, Manitowoc, Marquette, Sheboygan, Waushara, and Winnebago. The district is currently represented by Glenn Grothman (R-Campbellsport) who came to office in January 2015.While George W. Bush carried the district in 2004 with 56% of the vote, Barack Obama narrowly won the district in 2008 with 49.91% of the vote while John McCain received 48.72%."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin's_7th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wisconsin's 7th congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in northwestern and central Wisconsin; it is the largest congressional district in the state geographically, covering 20 counties (in whole or part), for a total of 18,787 sq mi. The district contains the following counties: Ashland, Barron, Bayfield, Burnett, Chippewa, Clark (partial), Douglas, Iron, Langlade (partial), Lincoln, Marathon, Oneida (partial), Polk, Portage, Price, Rusk, Sawyer, Taylor, Washburn and Wood. The district is currently represented by Sean Duffy, a Republican. David Obey  announced his retirement in 2010, and Duffy won the seat against Democratic State Senator Julie Lassa.While John Kerry narrowly won the district in 2004 with 51% of the vote, the 7th District swung more Democratic in 2008, giving 55.91% of the vote to Barack Obama and 42.52% to John McCain."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin's_8th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wisconsin's 8th congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in northeastern Wisconsin. The district includes Green Bay and Appleton. It is currently represented by Reid Ribble, a Republican. Ribble defeated incumbent Democrat Steve Kagen for reelection in 2010. It is also one of two Congressional Districts to ever elect a Catholic Priest, Robert John CornellThe 8th leaned Republican for several years; only four Democrats represented it in the 20th century.  However, it has become more of a swing seat since the 1990s. In 2004, Republican George W. Bush won 55% of the vote in the district, while in 2008, Democrat Barack Obama received 53.6% of the vote."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Google_bombs_in_the_2004_U.S._Presidential_election> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "During the 2004 U.S. presidential election, Google bombs were used to further various political agendas.  Two of the first were the \"miserable failure\" Google bomb linked to George W. Bush's White House biography and the \"waffles\" Google bomb linked to John Kerry's website.  Supporters and detractors of the candidates were able to manipulate search engine rankings so that searches for \"miserable failure\" and \"waffles\" returned links to the targets' sites.In 2006, Google altered its searching algorithm to make massive link farms less effective, making search results less politically slanted.In 2009, President Barack Obama's official White House web site also appeared on the first few results for \"miserable failure\" on Live Search and Yahoo, and on the first page of results for the word \"failure\" on Google. The cause of this is disputed, with some claiming it to be the result of a similar campaign. Others believe it to be a result of URL redirection from the old White House site (under President Bush) to the site for President Barack Obama.  Because the HTTP301 redirect indicates that the old page is permanently replaced by the new one, it also inherits all links to it and therefore the ranking for the same keywords."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anwar_al-Awlaki> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anwar al-Awlaki (also spelled al-Aulaqi, al-Awlaqi; Arabic: أنور العولقي‎ Anwar al-‘Awlaqī; April 21, 1971 – September 30, 2011) was an American and Yemeni imam and Islamic militant. US government officials said that he was a senior talent-recruiter and motivator who was involved in planning terrorist operations for the Islamist militant group al-Qaeda, and he became the first United States citizen to be targeted and killed in a United States drone strike (his son Abdulrahman al-Awlaki was also killed by an American drone strike two weeks later). With a blog, a Facebook page, the al-Qaeda magazine Inspire, and many YouTube videos, the Saudi news station Al Arabiya described him as the \"bin Laden of the Internet.\" After a request from the US Congress, in November 2010 Google removed many of al-Awlaki's videos from its websites. However, al-Awlaki's influence continues to be apparent amongst Islamists in the West and internationally, and his statements, articles and lectures are regularly cited and used as inspiration by extremists in the West and worldwide.As imam at a mosque in Falls Church, Virginia (2001–02), which had 3,000 members, al-Awlaki spoke with and preached to three of the 9/11 hijackers, who were al-Qaeda members. In 2001, he presided at the funeral of the mother of Nidal Malik Hasan, an Army psychiatrist who later e-mailed him extensively in 2008–09 before the Fort Hood shootings. During al-Awlaki's later radical period after 2006–07, when he went into hiding, he was associated with Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, the Nigerian who attempted the 2009 Christmas Day bombing of an American airliner. Al-Awlaki was allegedly involved in planning the latter's attack.The Yemeni government began trying him in absentia in November 2010, for plotting to kill foreigners and being a member of al-Qaeda. A Yemeni judge ordered that he be captured \"dead or alive.\" Some US officials said that in 2009, al-Awlaki was promoted to the rank of \"regional commander\" within al-Qaeda, while others felt that Nasir Al-Wuhayshi still maintained this rank and that al-Awlaki was only by this point the most influential member in the group. He repeatedly called for jihad against the United States.In April 2010, US President Barack Obama placed al-Awlaki on a list of people whom the US Central Intelligence Agency were authorized to kill because of terrorist activities.  Al-Awlaki's father and civil rights groups challenged the order in court. Al-Awlaki was believed to be in hiding in Southeast Yemen in the last years of his life. The US deployed unmanned aircraft (drones) in Yemen to search for and kill him, firing at and failing to kill him at least once, before succeeding in a fatal American drone attack in Yemen on September 30, 2011. Two weeks later, al-Awlaki's 16-year-old son, Abdulrahman al-Awlaki, a US citizen who was born in Denver, was killed by a CIA-led drone strike in Yemen. Nasser al-Awlaki, Anwar's father, released an audio recording condemning the killings of his son and grandson as senseless murders. In June 2014, a previously classified memorandum issued by the United States Department of Justice was released, justifying al-Awlaki's death as a lawful act of war."@en .corpus104.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobson_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dobson High School is a secondary public high school located in Mesa, Arizona, one of six high schools in Mesa Public Schools and serves grades 9-12. Rhodes and Summit Academy feed students into Dobson. The school's mascot is a mustang and the school colors are royal blue and silver. Dobson student enrollment tops out at 2,763 students, making it the 11th-largest high school in Arizona.Opened in 1983, Dobson sits on 84 acres (340,000 m2) of public land. The school is named after the Dobson family, who moved to the area in 1886 and established a large ranch which includes the land where the school is now located. In the 1986-87 school year, it was honored as a Blue Ribbon school. In 2009, President Barack Obama made a speech at the school, announcing a mortgage relief plan. Two episodes of MTV's Made have been filmed on campus.The current principal is Tamara Addis.  Matthew Gehrman, the former principal, was also a Dobson graduate, teacher, and assistant principal in the past. Four assistant principals—Eric Cruz, Jason Lindsay, Ray Perkins and Dora Samson—comprise the rest of the administration."@en .corpus105.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Skinner_(commentator)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nancy Skinner is a nationally syndicated radio and television commentator, based in Detroit, Michigan.She has run for political office three times. In 2004, she was a Democratic candidate for an open U.S. Senate seat in Illinois, losing in the Democratic primary election to then-state senator Barack Obama. In 2006, she ran for the United States House of Representatives in Michigan's 9th congressional district in the 2006 elections, losing to the 14-year incumbent Republican, Joe Knollenberg. In 2014, she ran again for the House of Representatives, this time in Michigan's 11th congressional district, losing in the Democratic primary to Bobby McKenzie."@en .corpus105.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Vause> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Vause, an Australian journalist, is an Atlanta-based presenter for CNN International. Before that he was a Beijing correspondent responsible for coverage of China and the region. Before CNN, he was the Los Angeles bureau chief for the Seven Network in Australia. He is one of a few reporters who covered 9/11 from New York, then to Pakistan and then finally to Afghanistan. Vause has covered some of the biggest international stories in the 2000s; when he was based in Beijing, he reported around the region, including stories such as the assassination of Benazir Bhutto in Pakistan. Before Beijing, he was the network's senior reporter in Jerusalem - he was part of the team which won an Edward R Murrow award for CNN's coverage of the Israel-Hezbollah war in the summer of 2006. Before that he covered the rise of Hamas, the death of Yasser Arafat, the Israeli withdrawal from Gaza and the siege at the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem. He was also present for the sustained suicide bombing campaign by Palestinian militants during 2002. Vause's interview with a suicide bomber in 2004 won him a New York Festival award. In 2003, he presented CNN International's coverage of the Iraq War from Kuwait, before crossing into Iraq as a reporter, moving from Basra in the south all the way to Baghdad, staying in the country for three months, then driving to Jerusalem to cover the Aqaba Summit, which outlined the US vision for a Palestinian State and Road Map to peace. In 2007, he visited State Elementary School Menteng 01 in Indonesia which the then presidential candidate Barack Obama had attended for one year and found that each student received two hours of religious instruction per week in his or her own faith, contrary to some false rumors that were then circulating.He is married to actress Tushka Bergen and the couple have one child."@en .corpus106.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakira> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll (pronounced: [ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol]; born February 2, 1977), (English /ʃəˈkɪərə/) is a Colombian singer, songwriter, dancer, record producer, choreographer, and model. Born and raised in Barranquilla, she began performing in school, demonstrating Latin, Arabic, and rock and roll influences and belly dancing abilities. Shakira released her first studio albums, Magia and Peligro, in the early 1990s, failing to attain commercial success; however, she rose to prominence in Latin America with her major-label debut, Pies Descalzos (1996), and her fourth album, Dónde Están los Ladrones? (1998).Shakira entered the English-language market with her fifth album, Laundry Service.  Its lead single, \"Whenever, Wherever\", became the best-selling single of 2002. Her success was solidified with her sixth and seventh albums Fijación Oral, Vol. 1 and Oral Fixation, Vol. 2 (2005), the latter of which spawned the best-selling song of the 21st century, \"Hips Don't Lie\". Shakira's eighth and ninth albums, She Wolf (2009) and Sale el Sol (2010), received critical praise but suffered from limited promotion due to her strained relationship with label Epic Records. Her official song for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, \"Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)\", became the biggest-selling World Cup song of all time. With over 799 million views, its music video is the sixth most-watched video on YouTube. Since 2013, Shakira has served as a coach on the American version of The Voice, having appeared in two of its seven seasons—fourth and sixth. Her tenth album, Shakira (2014), is preceded by its lead single, \"Can't Remember to Forget You\".Shakira has won many awards, including five MTV Video Music Awards, two Grammy Awards, eight Latin Grammy Awards, seven Billboard Music Awards, 28 Billboard Latin Music Awards and has been Golden Globe-nominated. She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and sold more than 60 million albums and single worldwide, making the third best selling Latin artist of all time. Outside of her work in the music industry, Shakira is also involved in philanthropic activities through charity work and benefit concerts, notably her Pies Descalzos Foundation, her performance at the \"Clinton Global Initiative\" created by former U.S. President Bill Clinton, and her invitation to the Oval Office by President Barack Obama in February 2010 to discuss early childhood development. As of 2014, she is listed as the 58th most powerful woman in the world by Forbes. As of July 2014, Shakira has become the first person to reach 100 million followers on Facebook."@en .corpus106.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Henderson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Frederick Arthur \"Fritz\" Henderson (born November 29, 1958) was President and Chief Executive Officer of General Motors. Prior to his appointment as CEO on March 31, 2009, Henderson was the Vice President of General Motors and has been with the company since 1984. Frederick Henderson resigned as the CEO of General Motors on December 1, 2009.He replaced Rick Wagoner as CEO of GM when Wagoner stepped down at the request of President Barack Obama in relation to the General Motors Chapter 11 reorganization after serving in that position for eight years. Henderson assumed the new position on March 31, 2009."@en .corpus106.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/WVON> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "WVON (\"The Voice of A Nation\") is a radio station licensed to Berwyn, Illinois, serving the greater Chicago area, which airs an African-American-oriented talk format. WVON is owned by Midway Broadcasting Corporation, and broadcast on the 1690 kHz frequency via a LMA local marketing agreement with frequency owner iHeartMedia, Inc..  WVON has studios on the city's South Side in Avalon Park neighborhood, and a transmitter tower is located at 87th and Kedzie in the southwest side.The station is noted for its cultural relevance and commitment to community advocacy and empowerment. For more than 50 years, the station has been at the forefront of issues impacting the Black community. It was a voice for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in the 1960s and a springboard for President Barack Obama during the early days of his political career. Currently, the station has some of the country's most well-respected thoughtleaders as talk show hosts including the Rev. Al Sharpton, Tavis Smiley, Roland Martin, and the Rev. Jesse Jackson, Sr."@en .corpus106.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donne_Trotter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Donne Trotter (born January 30, 1950 in Cairo, Illinois) is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 17th district since 1993. His district includes the South side of Chicago and portions of the south suburbs. Previously he was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1988 through 1993.Senator Trotter is Chairperson of the Senate Appropriations I Committee and a member of the Senate Revenue and Appropriations II Committee and the Economic and Fiscal Commission.Trotter was born in Cairo, Illinois, but is a lifelong resident of Chicago. He attended the University of Arizona and Chicago State University where he earned his bachelor’s degree in History and Political Science. He went on to earn his Masters in Health Administration and Law from Loyola University Chicago School of Law.As a senator, he sponsored legislation that would allow adults to purchase sterile syringes from pharmacies without a prescription. He co-sponsored a bill that allows an individual to file a petition asking for his/her personal police record to be sealed, after which no one would have access to the records except law enforcement agencies.Trotter has worked to provide health care to low income families. He has fought to include funding in the state budget for the FamilyCare program, which provides health insurance to the parents of children enrolled in KidCare.In 2000 Trotter made an unsuccessful bid for the United States House of Representatives in the Illinois' 1st congressional district against Bobby Rush and, then fellow State Senator and current U.S. President, Barack Obama.In 2001, Trotter sponsored and passed the law that created the Abandoned Newborn Infant Protection Act. The legislation provides that birth parents may legally leave a newborn at a hospital, fire station, or emergency medical facility. If neither child abuse nor neglect is suspected, no questions are asked.On Wednesday, December 5, 2012, Trotter was charged with \"attempt to board an aircraft with a weapon\", which is normally a Class 4 felony, after Transportation Security Administration (TSA) agents found a .25 caliber Beretta handgun and magazine loaded with six live rounds, which were in the outer pocket of a garment bag. The incident occurred at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, as Senator Trotter was attempting to board a flight to Washington, D.C. Trotter was held in police custody pending an appearance in bond court the following day, Thursday, December 6. On December 6, a Cook county judge set bond for Trotter at $25,000. Trotter was released after posting $2,500 bail. Trotter's next court appearance was scheduled for Wednesday, December 12, 2012. The Class 4 felony with which Trotter was charged normally carries a sentencing range of one to three years in prison if he is convicted of that charge, and under U.S. and Illinois laws, conviction of a felony normally prohibits someone, at least for a time (depending upon the seriousness of the felony), from holding public office. However, on Wednesday, April 24, 2013, Thomas Durkin, Trotter's attorney, stated that his client had entered a guilty plea, in a plea deal approved by the judge, to a misdemeanor count of reckless conduct (Trotter allegedly had worked a part-time security job, and had forgotten that the weapon was in a garment bag). The misdemeanor plea allows him to keep his job without fear of impeachment or removal, and the conviction will be stricken if Senator Trotter completes a year of non-reporting court supervision.Senator Trotter is a vocal advocate of gun control laws, having cosponsored 31 bills on the issue.Ran in the Illinois's 2nd congressional district special election, 2013."@en .corpus107.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas's_2nd_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Arkansas's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district located in the central part of the U.S. state of Arkansas and includes the state capital of Little Rock as well as its suburbs and surrounding areas.It is currently represented by Republican French Hill.George W. Bush won 51% of the vote in this district in 2004. John McCain carried the district in 2008 with 53.69% of the vote while Barack Obama received 44.07%."@en .corpus107.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas's_4th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Arkansas's 4th congressional district is a congressional district located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Arkansas. Notable towns in the district include Camden, Hope, Hot Springs, Magnolia, Pine Bluff, and Texarkana.The district is currently represented by Republican Bruce Westerman.George W. Bush received 51% of the vote in this district in 2004. John McCain won the district in 2008 with 58.14% of the vote while Barack Obama received 39.33%."@en .corpus107.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Krueger> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alan Bennett Krueger (born September 17, 1960) is an American economist, Bendheim Professor of Economics and Public Affairs at Princeton University and Research Associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research. On March 7, 2009, he was nominated by President Barack Obama to be United States Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for economic policy. In October 2010, he announced his resignation from the Treasury Department, to return to Princeton University. He is among the 50 highest ranked economists in the world according to IDEAS/RePEc. On August 29, 2011, he was nominated by Obama to be chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, and on November 3, 2011, the Senate unanimously confirmed his nomination."@en .corpus107.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Sullivan_(American_politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kathleen Sullivan (born 21 June 1954 in Manchester, New Hampshire ) is an American attorney, and former chairwoman of the New Hampshire Democratic Party. She served as a member of the United States Electoral College in 2008, when she cast one of New Hampshire's four Electoral Votes for Barack Obama and Joe Biden.Her father, Henry Phillip Sullivan (1916–2003), was an attorney, state senator, state representative, and  candidate for governor; her mother, the former Mary McCaffrey (1919–1997), was a state representative.Sullivan is married to John Rist, the principal of Manchester Central High School. She appears in the Marlo Poras documentary Run Granny Run about Doris Haddock's 2004 U.S. Senate campaign."@en .corpus108.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._J._Porter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "B. J. Porter (born May 12, 1970, in Dallas, Texas) is an actor, writer and comedian. Porter began his career writing and performing on the HBO sketch comedy program, Mr. Show. Porter, along with the rest of the Mr. Show writing staff, was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1999. Porter won an Emmy in 2014 for the Funny or Die series Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis, which he co-created. Between Two Ferns was also nominated for an Emmy in 2013.Currently, Porter is a Co-Executive Producer and writer on FX's Married and a Supervising Producer and writer on the new Fox animated series Bordertown. Prior to that, he was a Co-Executive Producer and writer on the HBO series The Life & Times of Tim, a writer for NTSF:SD:SUV on Adult Swim and the head writer for the 2010 MTV Movie Awards show, hosted by Aziz Ansari. Porter has created pilots for Showtime, USA, Fox, NBC and Comedy Central.Porter performed as the comedy duo \"The Fun Bunch\" with frequent comedy partner Scott Aukerman.  Porter and Aukerman also created the long-running live, weekly alternative comedy show Comedy Death-Ray, hosted at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in Los Angeles. In 2007, Porter and Aukerman created and produced a sketch show pilot for Fox titled The Right Now! Show. One of the sketches from this pilot, Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis was put up on the website Funny Or Die and became incredibly popular immediately. Thus, the series was launched.Porter, Aukerman and Zach Galifianakis co-created and Executive Produce the Funny or Die series Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis for which they were nominated for an Emmy Award in 2013 and won the award in 2014. It remains one of the most successful web-series and Porter has directed some of the most popular episodes including the Steve Carell and Jennifer Aniston episodes. In March 2014, an episode was released with President Barack Obama. It was designed to bring attention to the Affordable Care Act.In addition to writing for film and television, Porter has made memorable guest appearances on programs such as Just Shoot Me!, Malcolm in the Middle,  Angel and The Sarah Silverman Program.Porter is married to comedy writer Corinne Marshall."@en .corpus108.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nate_Silver> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nathaniel Read \"Nate\" Silver (born January 13, 1978) is an American statistician and writer who analyzes baseball (see sabermetrics) and elections (see psephology). He is currently the editor-in-chief of ESPN's FiveThirtyEight blog and a Special Correspondent for ABC News. Silver first gained public recognition for developing PECOTA, a system for forecasting the performance and career development of Major League Baseball players, which he sold to and then managed for Baseball Prospectus from 2003 to 2009.In 2007, writing under the pseudonym \"Poblano\", Silver began to publish analyses and predictions related to the 2008 United States presidential election. At first this work appeared on the political blog Daily Kos, but in March 2008 Silver established his own website, FiveThirtyEight.com. By summer of that year, after he revealed his identity to his readers, he began to appear as an electoral and political analyst in national print, online, and cable news media.The accuracy of his November 2008 presidential election predictions—he correctly predicted the winner of 49 of the 50 states—won Silver further attention and commendation. The only state he missed was Indiana, which went for Barack Obama by one percentage point. He correctly predicted the winner of all 35 U.S. Senate races that year.In April 2009, he was named one of The World's 100 Most Influential People by Time.In 2010, Silver's FiveThirtyEight blog was licensed for publication by The New York Times. The newly renamed blog, FiveThirtyEight: Nate Silver's Political Calculus, first appeared in The Times on August 25, 2010. In 2012 and 2013, FiveThirtyEight won Webby Awards as the \"Best Political Blog\" from the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences.Silver's book, The Signal and the Noise, was published in September 2012. It subsequently reached The New York Times best seller list for nonfiction, and was named by Amazon.com as the #1 best nonfiction book of 2012. The Signal and the Noise won the 2013 Phi Beta Kappa Award in Science. The book has been published as well in eight foreign languages: Chinese (separate editions in traditional and simplified characters), Czech, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, and Romanian.In the 2012 United States presidential election between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney, he correctly predicted the winner of all 50 states and the District of Columbia. That same year, Silver's predictions of U.S. Senate races were correct in 31 of 33 states; he predicted Republican victory in North Dakota and Montana, where Democrats won.In July 2013, it was revealed that Silver and his FiveThirtyEight blog would depart The New York Times and join ESPN. In his new role at ESPN, Silver would become editor-in-chief of the FiveThirtyEight site. ESPN would own the FiveThirtyEight site and the brand. The ESPN-owned FiveThirtyEight launched on March 17, 2014. Silver's lead article explained that the site would focus on a broad range of subjects under the general rubric of \"data journalism\".Having earned a bachelor's degree from The University of Chicago in 2000, he has since been awarded four honorary doctoral degrees: from Ripon College (2013), The New School (2013), The Catholic University of Leuven (2013), and Amherst College (2014)."@en .corpus108.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Funding_Accountability_and_Transparency_Act_of_2006> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (S. 2590) is an Act of Congress that requires the full disclosure to the public of all entities or organizations receiving federal funds beginning in fiscal year (FY) 2007. The website USAspending.gov opened in December 2007 as a result of the act, and is maintained by the Office of Management and Budget. The Congressional Budget Office estimates S. 2590 will cost $15 million over its authorized time period of 2007–2011.The bill was introduced by Senator Tom Coburn, for himself and Senators Barack Obama, Tom Carper and John McCain on April 6, 2006. After two \"secret holds\" placed by Senators Ted Stevens, a Republican, and Robert Byrd, a Democrat were revealed and removed, it was passed unanimously in the Senate on September 7, 2006 and by the House on September 13, 2006. The bill was signed into law by President George W. Bush on September 26, 2006.On June 3, 2008, Senator Obama, along with Senators Carper, Coburn and McCain, introduced follow-up legislation: Strengthening Transparency and Accountability in Federal Spending Act of 2008."@en .corpus109.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Gillibrand> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kirsten Elizabeth Rutnik Gillibrand (/ˈkɪərstən ˈdʒɪlɨbrænd/ KEER-stən JIL-ə-brand; born December 9, 1966) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from New York, in office since 2009. Previously, she served in the United States House of Representatives, representing New York's 20th congressional district (2007–09). She is a member of the Democratic Party.In December 2008, President-elect Barack Obama nominated Hillary Rodham Clinton as Secretary of State, leaving an empty seat in the New York senate delegation. After two months and many potential names considered, Governor David Paterson appointed Gillibrand to fill the seat. Gillibrand was required to run in a special election in 2010, which she won with 63% of the vote. She was re-elected to a full six-year term in 2012 with 72% of the vote, the highest margin for any statewide candidate in New York.A member of the Democratic Party's relatively conservative Blue Dog faction while in the House, Gillibrand has been seen as a progressive since her appointment to the Senate. In both cases, her views were significantly defined by the respective constituency she served at the time—a conservative congressional district versus the generally liberal state of New York. For example, while quiet on the U.S. military's \"Don't Ask, Don't Tell\" policy when she was in the House, during her first 18 months in the Senate, Gillibrand was an important part of the successful campaign to repeal it."@en .corpus109.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Your_Issue> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Film Your Issue is a national issue film contest featuring 30 to 60-second films by U.S. residents from the ages of 18 to 26.  Spearheaded by Heathcliff Rothman, in partnership with The American Democracy Project, the contest had its first \"beta\" round in 2005.In 2006, the contest kicked off its expanded vision.  Thirty-five semi-finalists were named by the competition, and five winners were selected through a combination of a jury including Walter Cronkite, Brian Williams, then Senator Barack Obama, George Clooney, and others.All semi-finalists are shown on MSN Video, and the 5 winners are shown on MTVu.  One of the winners receives an internship at The Walt Disney Company."@en .corpus109.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_C._Ting> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jan Ching-an Ting (Chinese: 丁景安; pinyin: Dīng Jǐngān，born December 17, 1948) is a Professor of Law at Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was the Republican candidate for U.S. Senator from Delaware in the 2006 U.S. Senate election, but two years later Ting left the Republican Party in a dispute over his endorsement of Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama."@en .corpus109.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary_Clinton_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "New York junior Senator and former First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton had expressed interest in the 2008 United States presidential election since at least October 2002, drawing media speculation on whether she would become a candidate.  No woman has ever won the nomination of a major party in the history of U.S. presidential elections.On January 20, 2007, she announced that she was forming an exploratory committee and filed with the Federal Election Commission to seek the nomination of the Democratic Party. Subsequently she began fundraising and campaigning activities. For several months Clinton led opinion polls among Democratic candidates by substantial margins until Senator Barack Obama pulled close to or even with her. Clinton then regained her polling lead, winning many polls by double digits; by autumn 2007 she was leading all other Democratic candidates by wide margins in national polls.  She placed third in the Iowa caucus to Barack Obama and John Edwards, and trailed considerably in polls shortly thereafter in New Hampshire before staging a comeback and finishing first in the primary there.She went on to win a plurality of votes in Nevada, but won fewer delegates in Nevada than Obama, then lost by a large margin in South Carolina. On Super Tuesday, Clinton won the most populous states such as California and New York, while Obama won more states total. The two gained a nearly equal number of delegates and a nearly equal share of the total popular vote. Clinton then lost the next eleven caucuses and primaries to Obama, and lost the overall delegate lead to him for the first time. On March 4, his consecutive wins increased to twelve when Vermont went his way. After an increasingly aggressive round of campaigning, Clinton broke the string of losses with wins in the Rhode Island, Ohio, and Texas primaries.Clinton subsequently lost in Wyoming, Mississippi, Montana, North Carolina and Oregon, and won in Pennsylvania, Indiana, West Virginia, Kentucky, Puerto Rico and South Dakota. On the final day of primaries on June 3, 2008, Obama had gained enough pledged- and super-delegates to become the presumptive nominee; she then suspended her campaign on June 7, 2008 and endorsed Barack Obama."@en .corpus109.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jo_White> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This page is about the attorney and civil servant; for the Pennsylvania State Senator, see Mary Jo White (Pennsylvania politician).Mary Jo White (born December 27, 1947) is the 31st and current Chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  She was the first woman to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, serving from 1993 to 2002. On January 24, 2013, President Barack Obama nominated White to replace Elisse B. Walter as Chairwoman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. She was confirmed by the Senate on April 8, 2013 and was sworn into office on April 10, 2013. As of 2014, she is listed as the 73rd most powerful woman in the world by Forbes."@en .corpus109.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_S._Bubar> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James S. \"Jim\" Bubar is the Alternate National Committeeman for the District of Columbia Democratic State Committee and is currently running for National Committeeman representing the District of Columbia to the Democratic National Committee. Previous elections included James S. Bubar's campaign for Democratic candidate for US (Shadow) Representative from the District of Columbia (Washington, DC) to the United States Congress.As Alternate National Committeeman, Bubar helped draft resolutions of the Democratic National Committee and District of Columbia Democratic State Committee for Statehood and full voting rights. He is also currently co-chair of the DC Statehood Committee and Special Council to the Democratic State Committee.As Co-Chair of the Bar’s DC Affairs Section, Bubar advocated for the rights of D.C. residents on the Hill, supporting the “No Taxation Without Representation Bill” by Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) the “DC Fair and Equal House Voting Rights Act,” Budget and Legislative Autonomy, and Statehood.  The Section filed an amicus Supreme Court brief in the Banner case arguing that the District ought to be allowed to tax income at its source, and supported the District's right to protect its own citizens in the Heller case.  He was recently re-elected to the Steering Committee and organized the season's first Mayoral candidates' forum.As an elected John F. Kerry delegate and, more recently, as an elected Barack Obama delegate, he advocated for Statehood and full democracy at the Democratic National Conventions.He has served as a Voter Protection Advocate in swing states during the past three presidential and other elections.As a volunteer Babe Ruth Baseball Commissioner, he has worked to provide youth with a positive experience – from league-organized games, to proper fields, to bringing over 10,000 youth to Nationals Park, and worked on traffic-safety issues as an involved school parent.He currently lives in Chevy Chase, DC, and has two children.  Both he and his wife are attorneys.He is a graduate of the University of California Santa Cruz and UC Hastings College of the Law.  He has served as a member of the UC Hastings Alumni Board of Governors."@en .corpus11.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Napolitano> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Janet Ann Napolitano (/nəpɒlɨˈtænoʊ/; born November 29, 1957) is an American politician and lawyer who served as  Governor of Arizona from 2003 to 2009 and United States Secretary of Homeland Security from 2009 to 2013, under President Barack Obama. She has been president of the University of California system since September 2013, shortly after she resigned as Secretary of Homeland Security. Prior to her election as governor, she served as Attorney General of Arizona from 1999 to 2003. She was the first woman and the 23rd person to serve in that office. Napolitano is the 1977 Truman Scholar from New Mexico.She has been the first female to serve in several offices, including Attorney General of Arizona, Secretary of Homeland Security, and president of the University of California.Forbes ranked her as the world's ninth most powerful woman in 2012. In 2008, she was cited by The New York Times to be among the women most likely to become the first female President of the United States. Some political commentators have suggested that she may run for President of the United States in the 2016 election. She has also been discussed as a contender for appointment to the U.S. Supreme Court."@en .corpus11.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same-sex_marriage_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In the United States, same-sex marriages are recognized by the U.S. federal government and are legal in 36 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and 21 Native American tribal jurisdictions. Same-sex marriage is also legal in St. Louis, Missouri but is licensed without explicit legality in two other jurisdictions in Missouri; the entire state recognizes same-sex marriages established in jurisdictions where it is legal. Marriage licenses are widely available to same-sex couples in Kansas, though the state does not recognize their validity. Including states in which same-sex marriage is only legal in some jurisdictions, same-sex marriage is legal in 37 states. More than eight hundred marriage licenses were issued to same-sex couples in Michigan and Arkansas between the time their bans were struck down by federal or state courts and when those rulings were stayed. More than 70% of Americans live in a jurisdiction where same-sex couples can legally marry.The movement to obtain civil marriage rights and benefits for same-sex couples in the United States began in the 1970s, but became increasingly prominent in U.S. politics following the 1993 Hawaii Supreme Court decision in Baehr v. Lewin that declared that state's prohibition to be unconstitutional. During the 21st century, public support for same-sex marriage has grown considerably, and national polls conducted since 2011 show that a majority of Americans support legalizing it. On May 17, 2004, Massachusetts became the first U.S. state and the sixth jurisdiction in the world to legalize same-sex marriage following the Supreme Judicial Court's decision in Goodridge v. Department of Public Health six months earlier.  On May 9, 2012, Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to publicly declare support for the legalization of same-sex marriage. On November 6, 2012, Maine, Maryland, and Washington became the first states to legalize same-sex marriage through popular vote.Since the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the law barring federal recognition of same-sex marriage in United States v. Windsor on June 26, 2013, U.S. district courts in 27 states and state courts in six states, plus one state court ruling addressing only the recognition of same-sex marriages from other jurisdictions, have found that same-sex marriage bans violate the U.S. Constitution, while two U.S. district courts and one state court have found that they do not. The U.S. Courts of Appeals for the Fourth, Seventh, Ninth, and Tenth Circuits have affirmed the unconstitutionality of such bans. The Sixth Circuit, in contrast, did not. The panel reversed six U.S. district court rulings that found bans on same-sex marriage or its recognition unconstitutional in the four states served by the Sixth Circuit.On October 6, 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear appeals in cases from Indiana, Oklahoma, Utah, Virginia, and Wisconsin, leading to legal same-sex marriage in those states, as well as in Colorado, Kansas, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia, and Wyoming. A decision on October 7, 2014, by the Ninth Circuit invalidating bans on same-sex marriage in Idaho and Nevada has also affected Alaska, Arizona, and Montana. Litigation seeking to reverse court decisions that resulted in the legalization of same-sex marriage continues in 10 states.On January 16, 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear four cases, on appeal from the Sixth Circuit, on whether states may constitutionally ban same-sex marriages and/or refuse to recognize such marriages legally performed in another state. Final briefs are due April 17. The cases are: Obergefell v. Hodges (Ohio), Tanco v. Haslam (Tennessee), DeBoer v. Snyder (Michigan), and Bourke v. Beshear (Kentucky)."@en .corpus11.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Kucinich> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dennis John Kucinich (/kuːˈsɪnɪtʃ/; born October 8, 1946) is a former U.S. Representative from Ohio, serving from 1997 to 2013. He was also a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2004 and 2008 Presidential elections.He was a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce.From 1977 to 1979, Kucinich served as the 53rd Mayor of Cleveland, Ohio, a tumultuous term in which he survived a recall election and was successful in a battle against selling the municipal electric utility before being defeated for reelection by George Voinovich.Through his various governmental positions and campaigns, Kucinich attracted attention for consistently delivering \"the strongest liberal\" perspective.This perspective has been shown by his actions, such as bringing Articles of Impeachment against President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney, and being the only Democratic candidate in the 2008 election to have voted against invading Iraq. (Eventual nominee Barack Obama also opposed the Iraq War when it started, but he was not yet in Congress at the time.)Because of redistricting following the 2010 state elections, Ohio's 9th congressional district absorbed part of Cuyahoga County, abolishing Kucinich's district, and pitting him against 9th District incumbent Marcy Kaptur in the 2012 Democratic primary, which he lost. After he served out the remainder of his term, it was announced in mid-January, 2013 that the former Congressman would become a political analyst, and a regular contributor on the Fox News Channel, appearing on programs such as The O'Reilly Factor."@en .corpus11.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Clark> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wesley Kanne Clark, Sr. (born December 23, 1944) is a retired General of the United States Army. He graduated as valedictorian of the class of 1966 at West Point and was awarded a Rhodes Scholarship to the University of Oxford, where he obtained a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics. He later graduated from the Command and General Staff College with a master's degree in military science. He spent 34 years in the Army and the Department of Defense, receiving many military decorations, several honorary knighthoods, and a Presidential Medal of Freedom.Clark commanded Operation Allied Force in the Kosovo War during his term as the Supreme Allied Commander Europe of NATO from 1997 to 2000.Clark joined the 2004 race for the Democratic Party presidential nomination as a candidate on September 17, 2003, but withdrew from the primary race on February 11, 2004, after winning the Oklahoma state primary, endorsing and campaigning for the eventual Democratic nominee, John Kerry. Clark leads a political action committee, \"WesPAC\", which he formed after the 2004 primaries and used to support Democratic Party candidates in the 2006 midterm elections. Clark was considered a potential candidate for the Democratic nomination in 2008, but, on September 15, 2007, endorsed Senator Hillary Clinton. After Clinton dropped out of the presidential race, Clark endorsed the then-presumptive Democratic nominee, Barack Obama. Clark serves as the co-chairman of Growth Energy, an ethanol lobbying group, and is on the board of directors of BNK Petroleum. Since July 2012, he also acts as an honorary special advisor to Romanian prime minister Victor Ponta on economic and security matters."@en .corpus11.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_C._Weaver> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Handshake Man redirects here. For the Banzai character, see Shake Hands ManRichard C. Weaver is a Californian man known by the nickname Handshake Man. Weaver has earned notoriety for frequently bypassing the US Secret Service and shaking the hand of the United States President.Weaver claims his handshakes are often used as a way of passing \"notes from God\" to the presidents.According to his site, Weaver is a born-again Christian who is married to Donna Weaver and has two children, Cindy and David. He also believes that God has directly spoken to him and calls himself a \"modern day prophet\". In late 2008, Weaver stated that he would not attempt to shake Barack Obama's hand."@en .corpus110.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_V._Stanton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Vincent Stanton (born February 27, 1932) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born in Cleveland, Ohio, Stanton graduated from Holy Name High School in 1949 and then served in the United States Air Force from 1950 to 1954, during the Korean War. He earned an A.B. from the University of Dayton in 1958, and a J.D. from the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law in 1961. He became a member of the Ohio bar association that year, and went into private practice.Stanton served as a member of the Cleveland city council from 1959 to 1970, serving as president from 1964 to 1970. He was then elected as a Democrat to the 92nd and to the two succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1971 to January 3, 1977). In his last Congress, he was instrumental in getting House Doorkeeper William \"Fishbait\" Miller defeated by the House Caucus and installed his friend and protégé James Malloy in Miller's place.  Malloy kept the office until it was abolished in 1995.Stanton was not a candidate for reelection to the House of Representatives in 1976, but was an unsuccessful candidate for nomination to the United States Senate.  He supported the man who bested him in the primary, Howard Metzenbaum.  Though he had been instrumental in that body in a few years, he tired of the slow progress a member encountered in gaining stature in such a body.  After his political career, Stanton resumed the practice of law in Washington, D.C. from 1977 to 1981. He served as executive vice president of Delaware North Companies in Buffalo, New York, from 1981 to 1988. He went on to earn an A.M.P. from Harvard University Business School in 1984. He is a resident of Potomac, Maryland.In the 2012 election, he endorsed Republican nominee Mitt Romney over his party's nominee President Barack Obama."@en .corpus110.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_G._Wisner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Frank George Wisner II (born July 2, 1938) is an American businessman and former diplomat. He is the son of Frank Wisner (1909–1965). On January 31, 2011, he was sent to Egypt by President Barack Obama to negotiate a resolution to the popular protests against the regime that have swept the country. A White House spokesman said that Wisner had vast experience in the region as well as close relationships with many Egyptians in and out of government. The New York Times reports that he is a personal friend of Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak. Speaking on the BBC on February 5, 2011, he exceeded statements issued by the White House to date and insisted that President Mubarak should be allowed to remain in office despite widespread calls for him to step down."@en .corpus110.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville_and_Nashville_Passenger_Station_and_Express_Building> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Louisville and Nashville Passenger Station and Express Building is a historic Louisville and Nashville Railroad depot in Pensacola, Florida. It is located at 239 North Alcaniz Street.The building was constructed between 1912 and 1913 with elements of Prairie School, Spanish Mission, and Italianate architectural styles.On June 11, 1979, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.In 1984, the depot was refurbished and incorporated into the Pensacola Grand Hotel (now the Crowne Plaza Pensacola Grand Hotel) that was built just behind it. The renovation of the depot was a painstaking process that used as much of the original material as possible.  The building houses the lobby, shops, restaurant and meeting rooms of the hotel. The hotel has housed two Presidents of the United States, including President Barack Obama in 2010."@en .corpus110.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Independent_School_District> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Manor Independent School District is a public school district based in Manor, Texas (USA). The current superintendent is Kevin Brackmeyer. In addition to Manor, the district also serves a wide section of Austin, and additional portions of Pflugerville, Elgin, Webberville, and Taylor. In 2009, the school district was rated \"academically acceptable\" by the Texas Education Agency.Samsung Austin Semiconductor and Applied Materials Austin, located in Austin, Texas and in the Manor Independent School District, have developed strong partnerships with Manor ISD, with increased support of STEM initiatives and building an effective mentoring program.In May 2013, President Barack Obama visited Manor New Tech High School as part of his jobs and opportunity tour. Manor New Tech High School specializes in Science, Technology Engineering, and Math (STEM)."@en .corpus110.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Law_School_Public_Interest_Auction> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Harvard Law School Public Interest Auction began in 1994 as a student-run fundraising event to support Harvard Law students working in full-time public interest positions during the summer. Since then, it has raised over $800,000 for students involved in public interest work. The donations received allow the school to provide stipends for students working in areas ranging from civil rights and child advocacy to securities regulation and antitrust law. The Auction helps all students interested in working in the public sector. Funds raised are distributed equally to eligible first- and second-year law students. In order to receive funding, a student must be working for a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization or a government entity. Every student who receives funding for the summer is required to contribute at least six hours of their time to help prepare for the Auction.In 2005 alone, the Auction raised over $155,000 for students. Financial support from the Auction made volunteer summer work (in over 30 states and overseas) a viable option for students who otherwise could not have accepted these positions. Students worked for non-profit organizations, direct legal service providers, and government agencies to assist underrepresented clients and communities and to work on issues of social importance.Each year, the Auction has a theme.  Past themes include \"Alice in Auctionland\" (2004), \"Auction 007\" (2007), \"Caution Auction!\" (2009), and \"Bright Lights, Bid City!\" (2009).  Solicitor General and former HLS Dean Elena Kagan was one of the auctioneers for several years, along with HLS Professor Jonathan Zittrain.  In 2009, when Elena Kagan had to step out of her role as auctioneer to help out HLS Alum President Barack Obama in Washington, D.C., Elizabeth Warren graciously took her place.Some more notable items for auction have included stays at vacation homes around the world, a copy of the Constitution signed by Supreme Court Justice Scalia, Red Sox tickets, the \"Old Langdell - Toby Stock\" brick, and home-cooked dinners and outings hosted by HLS professors.  One popular item is the \"Day of Service from the President of the Harvard Law Review,\" because, as the tagline goes, \"you may never make it on the Law Review - but at least you can say the President of the Law Review did your laundry!\""@en .corpus110.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_or_Not_(Fugees_song)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Ready or Not\" is a song by the American hip hop group The Fugees, from their second studio album The Score (1996). The song contains a sample of \"Boadicea\" by Enya, and its chorus is based on \"Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)\" by The Delfonics. While \"Ready or Not\" was a minor hit in the Fugees' native United States, the song was most successful in Europe, particularly in the United Kingdom, where it topped the charts. It remained at that position for two weeks, becoming their second chart-topping single of 1996 in Britain, following Killing Me Softly. Singer Enya was prepared to sue the group for copyright infringement, because she had not permitted the group to sample the song \"Boadicea\", from her 1987 album Enya. She eventually settled out of court.Barack Obama listed this as his favourite song."@en .corpus111.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Follette_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "La Follette High School is a public school located in Madison, Wisconsin, on the city's Far East Side with its attendance boundaries including parts of the City of Madison, City of Fitchburg, Town of Blooming Grove, and Town of Burke, teaching students in grades 9-12. It is a part of the Madison Metropolitan School District. One of five Madison public high schools, it is commonly known as \"La Follette\". The school is named after former lawmaker and 1924 presidential candidate Robert M. La Follette, Sr..La Follette is one of a small number of schools in the state using the block system. Each class is an hour and a half, with four classes per day. Most classes are completed in one semester. A new set of four classes begins in the spring semester for a total of eight classes per year per student. Students seem to prefer the four block schedule to traditional high school schedules because they feel the day goes by faster and homework is more manageable.  It also gives teachers more time with students.On September 28, 2010, the school was visited by President Barack Obama during an unannounced stop."@en .corpus112.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_High_School_(Rock_Hill,_South_Carolina)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Northwestern High School is one of three high schools in Rock Hill, South Carolina, USA. It was opened in 1971 as Rock Hill's second high school. Along with rival Rock Hill High School, it is one of the 16 largest schools in the state by enrollment, with about 1,791 students in grades 9–12. Northwestern offers the International Baccalaureate diploma.Presidential candidate Barack Obama spoke at Northwestern on October 6, 2007."@en .corpus112.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia's_11th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Virginia's Eleventh Congressional District is a U.S. congressional district in the Commonwealth of Virginia.  The district stretches from Herndon to Quantico, comprising most of Fairfax County, all of the city of Fairfax, and part of eastern Prince William County. The residents of the 11th district are represented by Democrat Gerry Connolly.The Hill newspaper quotes census data to conclude that Virginia's 11th district was the wealthiest congressional district in the nation from 2003 to 2013. The article attributed the wealth to the many lobbyists and two-career couples in Northern Virginia.The district last existed in what is now West Virginia's 1st District and was held by Jacob B. Blair before the events of the U.S. Civil War. Virginia did not have an 11th District until it was re-created after the 1990 United States Census from portions of the old 8th and 10th districts because of explosive growth in Northern Virginia. It was intended to be a \"fair fight\" district; indeed, it encompassed most of the more Democratic portions of the old 10th District and the more Republican portions of the old 8th District.  George W. Bush only narrowly defeated John Kerry here in 2004, while Democratic Governor Tim Kaine and Democratic Senator Jim Webb both carried this district, in 2005 and 2006 respectively. In 2008, Barack Obama won this district over Republican Senator John McCain.  Democrat Leslie L. Byrne briefly held the seat for the first election cycle of the new district, but was quickly defeated in 1994 by Republican Tom Davis.  Davis established a secure hold on the district during his tenure (1994–2008), but Democrat Gerald Connolly won it when Davis stepped down. Both Davis and Connolly may have been aided by their previous service on the Board of Supervisors of Fairfax County, where most of the 11th district's population is concentrated.  The results of the 2010 United States Census showed this district's population continued to grow, and due to redistricting covered more urban areas in Northern Virginia to favor the incumbent, Connolly."@en .corpus112.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Darling-Hammond> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Linda Darling-Hammond (December 21, 1951) is the Charles E. Ducommun Professor of Education at the Stanford Graduate School of Education, where she launched the School Redesign Network, the Stanford Educational Leadership Institute, and the Stanford Center for Opportunity Policy in Education. Darling-Hammond is author or editor of more than a dozen books and more than 300 articles on education policy and practice.  Her work focuses on school restructuring, teacher education, and educational equity. She was education advisor to Barack Obama's presidential campaign  and was reportedly among candidates for Secretary of Education in the Obama administration. She was awarded the 2012 Grawemeyer Award for Education from the University of Louisville. She lives in Stanford, California with her husband and three children."@en .corpus112.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Thomas> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sally Gordon Thomas, AC, (born 7 August 1939) is a former Judge of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory, Australia, serving from 1992 to 2009.  She was appointed to the Court on 10 August 1992 and was the first female to be appointed a Judge of the Court. She was sworn in as the first female Administrator of the Northern Territory in October 2011. One of her first engagements in the role was to welcome Barack Obama, President of the United States to Darwin during his visit in November 2011."@en .corpus113.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/India–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "India–United States relations (or Indo-American relations) refers to the international relations that exist between the Republic of India and the United States of America.Despite being one of the pioneers and founding members of the Non-Aligned Movement of 1961, India developed a closer relationship with the Soviet Union during the Cold War. During that period, India's relatively cooperative strategic and military relations with Moscow and strong socialist policies had a distinctly adverse impact on its relations with the United States. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, India began to review its foreign policy in a unipolar world, and took steps to develop closer ties with the European Union and the United States. Current Indian foreign policy is based on maintaining strategic autonomy to promote and safeguard national interests.Key recent developments include the rapid growth of India's economy and bilateral trade, the close links between the Indian and American computer and Internet industries, a geopolitical coalition to balance the rise of an increasingly assertive [China], the weakening of U.S.-Pakistan relations over various ongoing disputes, and the 2008 reversal of long-standing American opposition to India's nuclear program. Today, India and the US share an extensive cultural, strategic, military, and economic relationship.According to Gallup's annual public opinion polls, India is perceived by Americans as their 6th favorite nation in the world, with 75% of Americans viewing India favorably in 2012, though this declined somewhat to 72% in 2014.President Barack Obama is the first US president to be the chief guest of the 66th Republic Day celebrations of India being held on 26th January, 2015."@en .corpus113.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate_election_in_Illinois,_2004> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2004 United States Senate election in Illinois was held on November 2, 2004. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Peter Fitzgerald decided to retire after one term. The Democratic and Republican primary elections were held in March, which included a total of 15 candidates who combined to spend a record total of over $60 million seeking the open seat. State Senator Barack Obama won the Democratic primary and Jack Ryan won the Republican primary. Three months later, Ryan announced his withdrawal from the race four days after the Chicago Tribune persuaded a California court to release child custody records. Six weeks later, the Illinois Republican State Central Committee chose former Diplomat Alan Keyes to replace Ryan as the Republican candidate. The election was the first for the U.S. Senate in which both major party candidates were African American. Obama's 43% margin of victory was the largest in the state history of U.S. Senate elections. The inequality in the candidates spending for the fall elections - $14,244,768 by Obama and $2,545,325 by Keyes - is also among the largest in history in both absolute and relative terms."@en .corpus113.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperNews!> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "SuperNews! is a half-hour, satirical animated television series which aired on Current TV. It was created by Josh Faure-Brac who also wrote for the show and performed the majority of male voices. The show is primarily based on popular culture satire and political humor. Frequent characters include animated interpretations of such mainstream figures as President of the United States Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton, Senator John McCain, and various pop-culture icons and celebrities such as Lindsay Lohan, Perez Hilton, and Britney Spears."@en .corpus113.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Chu> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Judy May Chu (Chinese: 趙美心, born July 7, 1953) is the U.S. Representative for California's 27th congressional district, serving in Congress since 2009. She is a member of the Democratic Party.Chu was previously Chair of the California Board of Equalization, representing the 4th District. She had also served on the Garvey Unified School District Board of Education, the Monterey Park City Council (with five terms as mayor) and the California State Assembly.Chu ran in the 32nd congressional district special election for the seat that was vacated by Hilda Solis after she was confirmed as Barack Obama's U.S. Secretary of Labor in 2009.  She defeated Republican candidate Betty Tom Chu and Libertarian candidate Christopher Agrella in a runoff election on July 14, 2009. She is the first Chinese American woman ever elected to the U.S. Congress. Chu was redistricted to the 27th District in 2012, but was still re-elected to a third term, defeating Republican challenger Jack Orswell."@en .corpus113.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleview-Biltmore_Hotel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Belleview Biltmore Resort and Spa is a historic resort hotel located at 25 Belleview Boulevard in the town of Belleair, Florida, USA. The 820,000 square feet (76,000 m2) hotel structure is the last remaining grand historic hotel of its period in Florida that exists as a resort, and the only remaining Henry Plant hotel still in operation. The building is noted for its architectural features, with its unique green sloped roof and white wood sided exterior, and extensive hand crafted woodwork and Tiffany glass inside. It is said to be the largest occupied wood frame structure in the world, and is constructed of native Florida pine wood. The Belleview Biltmore is situated along the eastern shores of Old Clearwater Bay, with views of the bay and the barrier islands which border the Gulf of Mexico. The hotel was built in 1897 by railroad tycoon Henry B. Plant and was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 26, 1979. The designation does not protect it from demolition and its owner planned to demolish the hotel in 2012 and to replace it with condos. In December of 2013, plans to restore the hotel were proposed.The hotel property consists of over 160 acres (65 ha), including swimming pools, a beach club, restaurant, and a golf course. The hotel itself is located on 20.203 acres (8.176 ha) and has ballroom facilities and is a popular location for weddings and other gatherings.The Belleview Biltmore has hosted many famous people, dignitaries and world leaders through the years, including U.S. Presidents Barack Obama, George H. W. Bush, Jimmy Carter, and Gerald Ford, former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and the Duke of Windsor, and celebrities such as Joe DiMaggio, Babe Ruth, Thomas Edison, and Henry Ford. The hotel is thought by some to be the site of ghost sightings and other paranormal events. The Hotel was featured in a segment on the Weird Travels series on the Travel Channel television network in the U.S., which was filmed in March 2004 by Authentic Entertainment. Ghost Stories of the Belleview Biltmore Hotel have been documented at http://ClearwaterGhostHunter.com which contains one of the largest online galleries of interior and exterior photos of the hotel.*"@en .corpus114.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania's_10th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Pennsylvania's 10th Congressional District is located in the central and northeast regions of the state. The district was one of the 12 original districts created prior to the 4th Congress. It is currently represented by Republican Tom Marino, who defeated Democratic incumbent Chris Carney during the 2010 U.S. House elections. In 2006, the 10th district experienced one of the greatest party shifts among all House seats that switched party control: in 2004, Republican Don Sherwood won with an 86% margin of victory over his nearest opponent and two years later, Carney unseated Sherwood by a 53%–47% margin. In 2008, Carney won reelection by 12 points but the district swung back in 2010, electing Tom Marino. The district is mostly Republican in its political composition, an aspect of the district that is reflected especially well in presidential elections. In 2004, President George W. Bush won 60 percent of the vote in the district and in 2008, Senator John McCain beat Senator Barack Obama here by a margin of 54 percent to 45 percent. Nonetheless, Carney easily won reelection as a Democrat the same year McCain won the district. However, in the 2010 midterm elections, Marino unseated Carney by a 55%–45% margin."@en .corpus114.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Mishel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lawrence Mishel is president of the Economic Policy Institute in Washington, D.C., a progressive think-tank that seeks to advance the interests of American workers. He has been at EPI since 1987, first serving as Research Director, then as Vice-president and in 2002 became President.Mishel is the senior author of EPI's biannual (even-numbered years) flagship publication, The State of Working America, a comprehensive summary of the United States labor market and living standards, which first appeared in 1988.From the EPI Web site a/o Feb. '09:\"Areas of expertise: Income distribution and poverty - Labor markets - Industrial relations - Technology and productivity - Education - Wages - Unions and collective bargaining\"A nationally recognized economist, Mishel is frequently called on to testify and provide economic briefings to members of Congress and appears regularly as a commentator on the economy in print and broadcast media. ...\"Education: Ph.D. Economics, University of Wisconsin; M.A. Economics, American University; B.S. Pennsylvania State University.\" Paul Krugman, a Nobel laureate in economics and a noted progressive columnist, argued in Nov. '08 that, given the centrist makeup of President Barack Obama's economic inner circle, the new Economic Recovery Advisory Board could be used to \"give progressive economists a voice,\" and mentioned Mishel among others as a progressive economist who might be suitable for the board.Also from EPI Web site a/o Feb. '09: \"Most recently [no date or specific link given], [Mishel] wrote a paper outlining a plan to stimulate the economy, which was widely adopted by policy makers in Washington and beyond.\"  In mid-Feb. '09, Mishel, with EPI research and policy director John Irons, issued a statement about the Economic Stimulus Act of 2009, applauding it as far as it went but saying more needed to be done."@en .corpus115.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Wright> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeremiah Alvesta Wright, Jr., (born September 22, 1941) is Pastor Emeritus of Trinity United Church of Christ (TUCC), in Chicago with a congregation exceeding 6,000. In early 2008, Wright retired after 36 years as the Senior Pastor and no longer has daily responsibilities at the church. Following retirement, Wright's beliefs and preaching were scrutinized when segments of his sermons were publicized in connection with the presidential campaign of Barack Obama. Obama addressed the issues raised by the Wright controversy in his speech entitled \"A More Perfect Union.\"On April 27, 2008, Wright defended his record in a speech before the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), saying he was not \"divisive\" but \"descriptive\" and that the black church experience, like black culture, was \"different\" but not \"deficient\"."@en .corpus115.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hickman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Hickman (1757–1832) was the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky, serving in that capacity from 1812 to 1816 under Isaac Shelby during Shelby's second term as governor.Hickman was born in Virginia in 1757 to Maj. James Hickman and Hannah Lewis Hickman. He served as Clark County's first legislative representative from 1793 to 1798.  He further served on the 1799 Kentucky Constitutional Convention.  Following the Constitutional Convention, he became one of the first twelve men to be members of the Kentucky Senate, and served in that body three separate times from 1800 to 1808, again from 1811 to 1812, and finally from 1819 to 1822.He was elected Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky under Governor Isaac Shelby, and served briefly as acting governor in 1813, during the time that Shelby was leading Kentucky troops in the War of 1812.Hickman is U.S. President Barack Obama's 7th-great uncle."@en .corpus115.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Bunin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steve Bunin (born in Seattle, Washington) is an American journalist who was the lead anchor for Comcast SportsNet Houston from 2012-2014 before being laid off when the network went bankrupt. Previously, he worked at ESPN for nine years (from August 2003-October 2012). There, he anchored a variety of shows, including Outside The Lines, College Football Live and SportsCenter.  He hosted Baseball Tonight, NFL Live, Sports Reporters, ESPN Radio and numerous NCAA and pro sports events on ESPN and ESPN2.In 2010, Bunin became the first anchor at ESPN to win the company’s prestigious “Game Ball” award for character.  In 2012, he received the President's Volunteer Service Award from Barack Obama, for his volunteer efforts, primarily with at-risk teens.In 2011, Sports Illustrated’s media critic Richard Deitsch called Bunin \"one of the most underrated talents in sports journalism.\" In SI's 2011 Meida Awards, Bunin was declared one of the \"Twelve Broadcasters Viewers Deserve More Of In 2012.\"Prior to ESPN, Bunin served as sports anchor/director at five different local news stations: WOTV-TV in Battle Creek, Michigan, from 2002-2003, WLAJ-TV in Lansing, Michigan, from 2000-2001, KNAZ-TV in Flagstaff, Arizona, from 1998-2000, WICZ-TV in Binghamton, New York, in 1997 and WTVH-TV in Syracuse, New York, in 1995-1996, where he worked alongside future CNN anchor Christopher Lawrence and future ABC anchor David Muir.In 1998, the Arizona Associated Press named him Best TV Sportscaster and awarded him Best TV Sports Coverage. Also, in 2000 the Michigan Associated Press awarded him Best TV Sportscast."@en .corpus115.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kester_Emeneya> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jean Baptiste Emeneya Mubiala Kwamambu (November 23, 1956 – February 13, 2014) was a Congolese singer best known as King Kester Emeneya.He was born in Kikwit within the Democratic Republic of the Congo. While a student of political science at the University of Lubumbashi in 1977, King Kester joined the band Viva La Musica. After achieving success with several popular songs, he became the most popular African singer in the 1980s and created his own band, called \"Victoria Eleison\", on December 24, 1982.Emeneya Djo Kester was innovative with his music. He was the first central African musician to incorporate electronic instruments (synthesizers) in his album entitled Nzinzi which sold millions of copies in 1987. After years of success with populars songs, in 1993 he released his album Every Body distributed by Sonodisc. Every body was a big success internationally. In 1997, after a seven-year absence, King Kester returned to Congo. Nearly 80,000 people attended the first concert after his return, which was a record-setting feat according to the Congolese media. He has more than 1000 songs to his credit and has performed on all continents. King Kester Emeneya was an advocate of the African people. He was involved in charitable activities through his foundation. Emeneya was concerned about the level of poverty in the continent and he wanted to make sure that Governments in different African nations managed enough efforts to improve the social lives of their citizens. A supporter of Barack Obama. He praised the U.S President in a number of his interviews for being an advocate of the poor. Emeneya performed a concert in Kinshasa in 2009 to help celebrate Obama's inauguration as the first U.S black president. From 1991 until his death in Paris in February 2014, King Kester Emeneya lived mostly in France with his family.  Emeneya's funeral was the largest in the history of Congo and was broadcast live on all channels in Congo and many others around the world. On April 6, 2014 Pope Francis welcomed Emeneya's family to Vatican City to express his support. On March 2, 2014, Emeneya was awarded the presidential civic medal posthumously by President Joseph Kabila for his service and extraordinary contribution to Congolese nation and music. This is the highest civilian award to be bestowed by a Congolese president. The award is given by a presidential decree.On April 25, 2014, a tribute concert held in his hometown of Kikwit ended in disaster, and at least forty people in the stadium lost their lives in a stampede following a power failure."@en .corpus115.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Audacity_of_Hope> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream is the second book written by then-Senator Barack Obama. In the fall of 2006 it became number one on both the New York Times and Amazon.com bestsellers lists after Obama was endorsed by Oprah Winfrey. In the book, Obama expounds on many of the subjects that became part of his 2008 campaign for the presidency. The book advance from the publisher totalled $1.9 million contracted for three books. Obama announced his ultimately successful presidential campaign on February 10, 2007, a little more than three months after the book's release."@en .corpus116.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guča_Trumpet_Festival> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Guča trumpet festival, also known as the Dragačevo Assembly (Serbian: Драгачевски сабор or Dragačevski sabor, pronounced [draɡǎːtʃeʋskiː sǎːbor]), is an annual brass band festival held in the town of Guča, near the city of Čačak, in the Dragačevo region of western Serbia. Guča is a three-hour bus journey from Belgrade.600,000 visitors make their way to the town of 2,000 people every year, both from Serbia and abroad.  Elimination heats earlier in the year mean only a few dozen bands get to compete.  Guča's official festival is split into three parts. Friday's opening concert, Saturday night celebrations and Sunday's competition. Friday's concerts are held at the entrance to the official Guča Festival building. This event features previous winners, each band getting to play three tunes while folk dancers, all kitted out in bright knitting patterns, dance kolos and oros in front of a hyped-up audience.An English party site, ThisIsTheLife.com, has named Guča the best festival in the world.Said Miles Davis, a Guča Festival visitor:In 2010 the organizers issued an official call to the presidents of Russia and U.S., Dmitry Medvedev and Barack Obama, and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, to attend the 50th anniversary event."@en .corpus116.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stengel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Allan \"Rick\" Stengel (born May 1955) is an American editor, journalist and author. He is famed for being Time magazine's 16th managing editor. While best known for his work for Time, he has written a number of books including a collaboration with Nelson Mandela on Mandela's autobiography. Prior to taking up his role as managing editor of Time in 2006, Stengel was the president and chief executive officer of the National Constitution Center.On September 12, 2013 Stengel announced that he would be stepping down from his role as Time's managing editor  in order to serve as Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs for President Barack Obama's cabinet."@en .corpus116.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Peace_Initiative> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Arab Peace Initiative (Arabic: مبادرة السلام العربية‎) is a comprehensive peace initiative first proposed in 2002 at the Beirut Summit of the Arab League by then-Crown Prince, King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, and re-endorsed at the Riyadh Summit in 2007. The initiative attempts to end the Arab–Israeli conflict, which means normalizing relations between the entire Arab region and Israel, in exchange for a complete withdrawal from the occupied territories (including East Jerusalem) and a \"just settlement\" of the Palestinian refugee crisis based on UN Resolution 194 (which calls for a diplomatic resolution to the conflict and resolves that any refugees \"wishing to return to their homes and live at peace with their neighbors\" should be able to do so or, if they otherwise wish, should be provided with compensation). The Initiative was initially overshadowed by the Passover Massacre, a major terrorist attack that took place on March 27, 2002 (the day before the Initiative was published) and that had been claimed by the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, Hamas' military wing. The Arab League has since readopted the Initiative on several occasions, including during the 2007 summit.Although a number of Israeli officials have responded to the Initiative with both support and criticism, the Israeli government has swiftly rejected the initiative, saying it was a \"non-starter\". Then Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said the new plan cannot be accepted because it would replace UN resolutions 242 and 338, which call for negotiations. In 2007, Benjamin Netanyahu, as opposition leader, as well as a number of Likud members, rejected the initiative outright.^ In 2009, President Shimon Peres expressed satisfaction at the \"u-turn\" in the attitudes of Arab states toward peace with Israel as reflected in the Saudi initiative, though he did qualify his comments by saying: \"Israel wasn't a partner to the wording of this initiative. Therefore it doesn't have to agree to every word.\"^ The Palestinian Authority strongly supports the plan and Mahmoud Abbas officially asked U.S. President Barack Obama to adopt it as part of his Middle East policy. Islamist political party Hamas, the elected government of the Gaza Strip, is deeply divided, with most factions rejecting the plan.George Mitchell, then the United States special envoy to the Middle East, announced in March 2009 that President Barack Obama's administration intends to \"incorporate\" the initiative into its Middle East policy."@en .corpus116.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotham_(typeface)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gotham is a family of widely used geometric sans-serif digital typefaces designed by American type designer Tobias Frere-Jones in 2000. Gotham's letterforms are inspired by a form of architectural signage that achieved popularity in the mid-twentieth century, and are especially popular throughout New York City.Since creation, Gotham has been highly visible due to its appearance in many notable places, including a large amount of campaign material created for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign, as well as the cornerstone of the One World Trade Center, the tower built on the site of the former World Trade Center in New York. It is also the current font to be used in title cards for film trailers in the US."@en .corpus117.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom_recipients> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is an alphabetized, partial list of recipients of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, grouped by the aspect of life in which they are/were renowned.  Unless otherwise noted, the names are listed as they were given in the official announcement of the award (e.g. President Jimmy Carter, Dr. Ralph J. Bunche) which may not match the recipient's highest office or their usual title. The Presidential Medal of Freedom is awarded by the President of the United States \"for especially meritorious contribution to (1) the security or national interests of the United States, or (2) world peace, or (3) cultural or other significant public or private endeavors\"; it is awarded to individuals selected by the President or recommended to him by the Distinguished Civilian Service Awards Board. The only exception to the rule that the sitting president chooses those to be honored was that the first recipients were selected by President John F. Kennedy before his assassination and formally awarded by his successor in office, Lyndon B. Johnson. President Bill Clinton awarded 88 Medals while President George W. Bush awarded 81 Medals; President Barack Obama has awarded 80 Medals as of November 24, 2014.Three people, Ellsworth Bunker, John Kenneth Galbraith, and Colin Powell, are two-time recipients of the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Ellsworth Bunker was given both of his awards with Distinction.This list does not include those awarded the similarly named but very distinct Medal of Freedom, an antecedent award issued prior to 1963.↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus117.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election,_2008_timeline> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a timeline of major events leading up to and immediately following the United States presidential election of 2008. The election was the 56th quadrennial United States presidential election. It was held on November 4, 2008, but its significant events and background date back to about 2002. The Democratic Party nominee, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, defeated the Republican Party's nominee, Senator John McCain of Arizona."@en .corpus117.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia's_9th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Virginia's ninth congressional district is a United States congressional district in the commonwealth of Virginia, covering much of the southwestern part of the state. The 9th is Virginia's second-largest district in area, covering 8800.24 square miles (slightly larger than the whole state of New Jersey). The current representative is Morgan Griffith (R). Despite the fact that the district had been in Democratic hands for nearly three decades, Republican presidential candidate John McCain received 59% of the vote in the 9th district in 2008, his best performance in any of Virginia's eleven congressional districts. The 9th District is the only district in Virginia that cast more votes for Hillary Clinton than Barack Obama in the 2008 Democratic Presidential Primary. Clinton won more than 60% of the vote here despite Congressman Boucher's endorsement of Obama."@en .corpus118.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Larson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles W. 'Chuck' Larson, Jr. (born April 1, 1968 in Newton, Iowa) is a politician from Iowa.  He was the Iowa State Senator from the 19th District from 2003–2007 and is a former chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa.  He was succeeded in the Iowa Senate by Democrat Rob Hogg.During his most recent term of office, Larson served on several committees in the Iowa Senate - the Commerce committee; the Education committee; the Judiciary committee; the Ways and Means committee; and the Ethics committee, where he was co-chair.On November 30, 2007, the White House announced that Larson would be nominated to become Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the USA to the Republic of Latvia in 2008, replacing the Catherine Todd Bailey.In June 2009, President Barack Obama announced he was nominating Judith Gail Garber to replace Larson as U.S. Ambassador to Latvia."@en .corpus118.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otero_Mesa> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Otero Mesa is a 1.2 million acre (4,900 km²) area in northern Chihuahuan Desert region of southern New Mexico. Between 1954 and 1965 the U.S. Army expanded its McGregor Range facilities at Fort Bliss onto Otero Mesa by purchasing ranches. In 2005, the Bureau of Land Management approved the area for exploratory drilling for oil and gas, but that approval is currently being litigated by the state of New Mexico and environmental groups who want the mesa to be recognized as protected wilderness. On Tuesday, April 28, 2009, the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit ruled against the US Bureau of Land Management plan for leasing the Otero Mesa for oil and gas extraction. The court found that the BLM had failed to consider an alternative that would leave the Otero Mesa unleased, and also failed to examine potential impacts to the underlying groundwater. The oil company HEYCO had been granted a lease for extracting natural gas form Otero Mesa, pending the outcome of the litigation.The United States Department of the Interior has proposed creating an Otero Mesa as a National Monument, but it remains controversial, and President Barack Obama has not taken action on the proposal under the Antiquities Act of 1906 as of February 2012."@en .corpus119.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois's_1st_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Illinois' first congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Illinois. Based in Cook County, the district includes much of the South Side of Chicago, and continues southwest to Joliet.From 2003 to 2013 it extended into the city's southwest suburbs until reaching the border of Will County, and covered 97.84 square miles (253.4 km2), making it one of the 40 smallest districts in the U.S. (although there are four smaller districts in Illinois). The district had the highest percentage of African-American residents of any congressional district in the nation; it includes the home of President Barack Obama.The district is represented by Democrat Bobby Rush."@en .corpus119.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Sloan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Clifford Sloan is the current Special Envoy for Guantanamo Closure at the U.S. State Department. Previously, Sloan was the publisher of Slate magazine.  He is a graduate of Harvard Law School and Harvard College. During his time at Harvard Law, Sloan assisted Alan Dershowitz with the famous Claus von Bülow murder case with his classmate and friend Eliot Spitzer. In the 1990 movie Reversal of Fortune about the case, Sloan and Spitzer are played by Felicity Huffman and Annabella Sciorra.  After his time at Harvard Law, he served as a Supreme Court clerk for Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens.  He also was Vice President of Business Affairs and general counsel at Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive, where he was responsible for developing strategic partnerships and managing WPNI's legal affairs. Additionally, Sloan served as Associate White House Counsel to President Bill Clinton.  He is married to Mary Lou Hartman, former Director of the George J. Mitchell Scholarship program.In March 2008, Sloan stepped down as publisher of Slate magazine to become a partner at the law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher, and Flom LLP.  After stepping down at Slate and before he began work at Skadden, Mr. Sloan co-authored the book The Great Decision with David McKean. The book is about the case Marbury v. Madison.On June 16, 2013, The New York Times, Fox News, National Public Radio, Reuters, and several other press sources reported that President Barack Obama was about to appoint Sloan as the new State Department envoy tasked to shut down the Guantanamo Bay detention camp by negotiating with countries which might accept the transfer of captives.The previous Special Envoy, Daniel Fried, was granted seniority high enough he was addressed as Ambassador.When Fried was reassigned on January 28, 2013, no replacement was announced, and it was reported that the office was being shut down.Commentators interpreted Fried's reassignment, with no replacement announced, as a sign that Obama had lost interest in trying to find countries which would allow accept the transfer of captives from Guantanamo.  Fried had not been able to initiate a new transfer for more than a year prior to his reassignment.However, in May of 2013, Obama had re-iterated his commitment to closing the Guantanamo camps during  a speech at the Defense University.During his speech Obama had announced he would appoint a new senior official at the State Department, and another at the Department of Defense, tasked to expedite the transfer of the remaining Guantanamo captives.Sloan's opposite number at the Department of Defense, Paul Lewis, was not appointed until October 2013.On December 14, 2014, Secretary of State John Kerry announced Sloan's resignation.His resignation took observers by surprise as close to two dozen individuals had been released or repatriated shortly before his resignation."@en .corpus119.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supreme_Court_of_the_Virgin_Islands> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Supreme Court of the Virgin Islands is the highest court in the territory of the Virgin Islands.  The Supreme Court assumed jurisdiction over all appeals from the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands, a trial level court, on January 29, 2007.  There are three Supreme Court justices who are each appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Legislature for a ten year term. Reappointments are for life.  The Supreme Court consists of a Chief Justice and two Associate Justices. There is no intermediate court of appeals, and the Supreme Court does not have discretion in hearing appeals. Appeals of Supreme Court decisions were heard by writ of certiorari by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit until December 29, 2012, but since then they have been heard by the United States Supreme Court.On June 19, 2012, after a review of finished cases, the Third Circuit recommended that appeals from the Supreme Court go to the U.S. Supreme Court instead of the Third Circuit. In July 2012, Delegate to Congress Donna M. Christensen (D-VI) introduced a bill to shorten the time from 15 years after the 2007 advent of the Supreme Court for this to take effect, and the bill passed the House of Representatives in November, and the Senate in December 2012. President Barack Obama signed the bill into law on December 29, 2012, and all appeals from Supreme Court decisions from that day forward go to the U.S. Supreme Court.With Supreme Court appeals going only to the United States Supreme Court, in the same manner as a state supreme court, the Virgin Islands enjoys the greatest degree of autonomy over local affairs that it has ever experienced in its history."@en .corpus12.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Fraud_and_Abuse_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) was enacted by Congress in 1986 as an amendment to existing computer fraud law (18 U.S.C. § 1030), which had been included in the Comprehensive Crime Control Act of 1984. It was written to clarify and increase the scope of the previous version of 18 U.S.C. § 1030 while, in theory, limiting federal jurisdiction to cases \"with a compelling federal interest-i.e., where computers of the federal government or certain financial institutions are involved or where the crime itself is interstate in nature.\" (see \"Protected Computer\", below). In addition to clarifying a number of the provisions in the original section 1030, the CFAA also criminalized additional computer-related acts. Provisions addressed the distribution of malicious code and denial of service attacks. Congress also included in the CFAA a provision criminalizing trafficking in passwords and similar items.The Act has been amended a number of times—in 1989, 1994, 1996, in 2001 by the USA PATRIOT Act, 2002, and in 2008 by the Identity Theft Enforcement and Restitution Act. In January 2015 Barack Obama proposed expanding the CFAA and the RICO Act in his Modernizing Law Enforcement Authorities to Combat Cyber Crime proposal. DEF CON organizer and Cloudflare researcher Marc Rogers, Senator Ron Wyden, and Senator Zoe Lofgren have stated opposition to this on the grounds it will make many regular Internet activities illegal, and moves further away from what they were trying to accomplish with Aaron's Law."@en .corpus12.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Nunn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Samuel Augustus \"Sam\" Nunn, Jr. (born September 8, 1938) is an American lawyer and politician. Currently the co-chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Nuclear Threat Initiative (NTI), a charitable organization working to reduce the global threats from nuclear, biological and chemical weapons, Nunn served for 24 years as a United States Senator from Georgia (1972 until 1997) as a member of the Democratic Party. His political experience and credentials on national defense reportedly put him into consideration as a potential running mate for Democratic presidential candidates John Kerry (2004) and Barack Obama (2008)."@en .corpus12.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_Park,_Chicago> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hyde Park is a neighborhood and community area on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. It is located on the shore of Lake Michigan seven miles (11 km) south of the Chicago Loop.Hyde Park's official boundaries are 51st Street/Hyde Park Boulevard on the north, the Midway Plaisance (between 59th and 60th streets) on the south, Washington Park on the west, and Lake Michigan on the east. According to another definition, a section to the north between 47th Street and 51st Street/Hyde Park Boulevard is also included as part of Hyde Park, although this area is officially the southern part of the Kenwood community area. The area encompassing Hyde Park and the southern part of Kenwood is sometimes referred to as Hyde Park-Kenwood.Hyde Park hosts the University of Chicago and two of Chicago's four historic sites listed in the original 1966 National Register of Historic Places (Chicago Pile-1 and Robie House). In recent years, Hyde Park has received national attention as the longtime home of U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus12.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Musial> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stanley Frank Musial (/ˈmjuːziəl/ or /ˈmjuːʒəl/; born Stanisław Franciszek Musiał; November 21, 1920 – January 19, 2013), nicknamed \"Stan the Man\", was an American outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who spent his entire career from 1941 to 1963 with the St. Louis Cardinals, interrupted by a year of service in the United States Navy during World War II. Widely considered to be one of the greatest hitters in baseball history, he batted .331 over his career and set National League (NL) records for career hits (3,630), runs batted in (1,951), games played (3,026), at bats (10,972), runs scored (1,949) and doubles (725), most of which were later broken by Pete Rose; his 475 career home runs then ranked second in NL history behind Mel Ott's total of 511. His 6,134 total bases remained a major league record until surpassed by Hank Aaron, and his hit total still ranks fourth all-time, and is the highest by any player who spent his career with only one team. A seven-time batting champion with identical totals of 1,815 hits at home and on the road, he also is considered to be the most consistent hitter of his era. He was named the National League's (NL) Most Valuable Player (MVP) three times, and led St. Louis to three World Series championship titles. He shares the major league record for the most All-Star Games played (24) with Hank Aaron and Willie Mays. Musial was a first-ballot inductee into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1969. He was also selected to the St. Louis Cardinals Hall of Fame in the inaugural class of 2014.Musial was born in Donora, Pennsylvania, where he frequently played baseball, whether informally or in organized settings, eventually playing on the baseball team at Donora High School. Signed to a professional contract by the St. Louis Cardinals as a pitcher in 1938, Musial was converted into an outfielder prior to his major league debut in 1941. Noted for his unique batting stance, he quickly established himself as a consistent and productive hitter. In his first full season, 1942, the Cardinals won the World Series. The following year, he led the NL in six different offensive categories and earned his first MVP award. He was also named to the NL All-Star roster for the first time; he appeared in every All-Star game (MLB had two games from 1959 to 1962) in every subsequent season he played. Musial won his second World Series championship in 1944, then missed the entire 1945 season while serving with the Navy.When he returned to baseball in 1946, Musial resumed his consistent hitting. That year he earned his second MVP award and third World Series title. His third MVP award came in 1948, when he finished one home run shy of winning baseball's Triple Crown. After struggling offensively in 1959, Musial used a personal trainer to help maintain his productivity until he decided to retire in 1963. At the time of his retirement, he held or shared 17 major league records, 29 National League records, and nine All-Star Game records. Ironically, in 1964, the season following his retirement, the Cardinals went on to defeat the New York Yankees in an epic 7-game clash, for St. Louis' first World Series championship in nearly two decades (a team which included future Hall of Famer Lou Brock performing what would have likely been Musial's left field duties). In addition to overseeing businesses, such as a restaurant both before and after his playing career, Musial served as the Cardinals' general manager in 1967, winning the pennant and World Series, then quitting that position. He also became noted for his harmonica playing, a skill he acquired during his playing career. Known for his modesty and sportsmanship, Musial was selected for the Major League Baseball All-Century Team in 1999. In February 2011, President Barack Obama presented Musial with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, one of the highest civilian awards that can be bestowed on a person by the United States government."@en .corpus12.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Case> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stephen McConnell \"Steve\" Case (born August 21, 1958) is an American businessman best known as the former chief executive officer and chairman of America Online (AOL).  Since his retirement as chairman of AOL Time Warner in 2003, he has gone on to build a variety of new businesses through his investment company Revolution.  In addition, he serves as chair of the Case Foundation run by his wife Jean Case. In early 2011, he was selected by President Barack Obama to serve as Chairman of the Startup America Partnership  and named to the President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness. Steve Case is also a frequent guest on CNBC's Squawk Box and appeared on August 24, 2011 to discuss his initiatives to spur high growth entrepreneurship and job creation on behalf of the Startup America Partnership and the President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness."@en .corpus12.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Warren> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Elizabeth Ann Warren (née Herring; born June 22, 1949) is an American academic and politician who is the senior United States Senator from Massachusetts and a member of the Democratic Party. She was previously a Harvard Law School professor specializing in bankruptcy law. Warren is an active consumer protection advocate whose work led to the conception and establishment of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. She has written a number of academic and popular works, and is a frequent subject of media interviews regarding the American economy and personal finance.Following the 2008 financial crisis, Warren served as chair of the Congressional Oversight Panel created to oversee the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP). She later served as Assistant to the President and Special Advisor to the Secretary of the Treasury for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under President Barack Obama. During the late 2000s, she was recognized by publications such as the National Law Journal and the Time 100 as an increasingly influential public policy figure.In September 2011, Warren announced her candidacy for the U.S. Senate, challenging Republican incumbent Scott Brown. She won the general election on November 6, 2012, becoming the first female Senator from Massachusetts. She was assigned to the Senate Special Committee on Aging; the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee; and the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee.Warren has been described as a leading figure in the Democratic Party and among American progressives, and has frequently been mentioned by political pundits as a potential 2016 presidential candidate despite Warren's repeated statements that she is not running for president."@en .corpus12.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Baucus> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Max Sieben Baucus (born December 11, 1941) is the United States Ambassador to China. He served as a United States Senator from Montana from December 15, 1978, until shortly after being confirmed as Ambassador on February 6, 2014. Baucus was the longest-serving U.S. senator from Montana. A member of the Democratic Party, Baucus was appointed to serve as Ambassador to China by President Barack Obama, succeeding Gary Locke.As the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance, Baucus played an influential role in the debate over health care reform in the United States. He was also chairman of the Joint Committee on Taxation, a member of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, and was chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Before his election to the Senate, Baucus was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1978, representing Montana's 1st congressional district. He previously served in the Montana House of Representatives from 1973 to 1974.On August 9, 2011, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid appointed Baucus to the United States Congress Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction. On April 23, 2013, Baucus announced he would retire from the U.S. Senate at the end of his term in 2015.On December 18, 2013, Politico reported that the White House had selected Baucus to be the United States Ambassador to China. On February 6, 2014, Baucus was confirmed by a vote of 96-0 with three Republicans absent and Baucus himself voting \"Present\". He resigned from his Senate seat on the same day."@en .corpus12.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Holbrooke> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Charles Albert Holbrooke (April 24, 1941 – December 13, 2010) was an American diplomat, magazine editor, author, professor, Peace Corps official, and investment banker.He was the only person to have held the position of Assistant Secretary of State for two different regions of the world (Asia from 1977 to 1981 and Europe from 1994 to 1996).From 1993 to 1994, he was U.S. Ambassador to Germany. Long well known in diplomatic and journalistic circles, Holbrooke achieved great public prominence when he, together with former Swedish prime minister Carl Bildt, brokered a peace agreement among the warring factions in Bosnia that led to the signing of the Dayton Peace Accords, in 1995. Holbrooke was a leading contender to succeed the retiring Warren Christopher as Secretary of State but was passed over in 1996 as President Bill Clinton chose Madeleine Albright instead. From 1999 to 2001, Holbrooke served as U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations.He was an adviser to the Presidential campaign of Senator John Kerry in 2004. Holbrooke then joined the Presidential campaign of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton and became a top foreign policy adviser. Holbrooke was considered a likely candidate for Secretary of State had Kerry or Hillary Clinton been elected President. In January 2009, Holbrooke was appointed as a special adviser on Pakistan and Afghanistan, working under President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a frustrating assignment which was said to have caused his health to deteriorate. He served until he died from complications of an aortic dissection on December 13, 2010.Holbrooke's unfulfilled ambition was to become Secretary of State; he, along with George Kennan and Chip Bohlen, were considered among the most influential U.S. diplomats who never achieved cabinet rank. Several considered Holbrooke's role in the Dayton Accords to merit the Nobel Peace Prize."@en .corpus120.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maljamar,_New_Mexico> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Maljamar is an unincorporated community in Lea County, New Mexico, United States. The zip code is 88264. It is close to Hobbs and Carlsbad.According to legend, Maljamar's founder William Mitchell named the town after his three children Malcom, Janet and Margaret.Maljamar is the town where Michael Scofield steals supplies in Bolshoi Booze, an episode of the television series Prison Break. President Barack Obama visited Maljamar on March 21, 2012 to tour the local oil fields."@en .corpus120.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O._Brennan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Owen Brennan (born September 22, 1955) is an American government official who is the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He has served as chief counterterrorism advisor to U.S. President Barack Obama; his title was Deputy National Security Advisor for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism, and Assistant to the President. His responsibilities included overseeing plans to protect the country from terrorism and respond to natural disasters, and he met with the President daily. Previously, he advised President Obama on foreign policy and intelligence issues during the 2008 presidential campaign and transition. Brennan withdrew his name from consideration for Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in the first Obama administration over concerns about his support for the use of waterboarding by the CIA under President George W. Bush. Instead, Brennan was appointed Deputy National Security Advisor, a position which did not require Senate confirmation.Brennan's 25 years with the CIA included work as a Near East and South Asia analyst, as station chief in Saudi Arabia, and as director of the National Counterterrorism Center. After leaving government service in 2005, Brennan became CEO of The Analysis Corporation, a security consulting business, and served as chairman of the Intelligence and National Security Alliance, an association of intelligence professionals.President Barack Obama nominated Brennan as his next director of the CIA on January 7, 2013.  The ACLU called for the Senate not to proceed with the appointment until it confirms that \"all of his conduct was within the law\" at the CIA and White House. John Brennan was approved by the Senate Intelligence Committee on March 5, 2013 to succeed David Petraeus as the Director of the CIA by a vote of 12 to 3.His term as CIA Director coincided with revelations that the U.S. government conducted massive levels of global surveillance, that the CIA had hacked into the computers of U.S. Senate employees, and the release of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee report on CIA torture."@en .corpus120.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deceptive_Practices_and_Voter_Intimidation_Prevention_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Deceptive Practices and Voter Intimidation Prevention Act of 2007 (S. 453) was a bill introduced in the 110th Congress on January 31, 2007, by Sen. Barack Obama, Democrat of Illinois and Sen. Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York.  The bill was referred to the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary and on October 4, 2007 was referred to the Senate, although it never received a vote.A similar version of this bill was introduced by Obama in the 109th Congress on November 16, 2006 (S. 4069) \"to protect Americans from tactics that intimidate voters and prevent them from exercising their right to vote on Election Day.\"During the 2006 mid-term elections, material was distributed by Republicans in predominantly African American counties in Maryland falsely claiming that prominent African-American Democrats had endorsed the Republican candidates. The fliers were paid for and authorized by Senate candidate Michael S. Steele and Governor Robert Ehrlich, and were widely decried as fraudulent by critics.\"One of our most sacred rights as Americans is the right to make our voice heard at the polls,\" said Obama in his introductory remarks on the 2006 bill. \"But too often, we hear reports of mysterious phone calls and mailers arriving just days before an election that seek to mislead and threaten voters to keep them from the polls. And those who engage in these deceptive and underhanded campaign tactics usually target voters living in minority or low-income neighborhoods. This legislation would ensure that for the first time, these incidents are fully investigated and that those found guilty are punished.\""@en .corpus120.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Redfern> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chris Redfern (born 1964, South Bend, Indiana) is a American politician, former state representative in Ohio, and former chair of the Ohio Democratic Party. He won election to the chairmanship of the Ohio Democratic Party in December 2005 and was reelected in 2008 and again in 2012 before resigning in December 2014. He was previously a Democratic State Representative for Ohio House District 80 and had been a member of the Ohio House since 1999. During the 2012 general election, he was again elected to serve as State Representative for the newly drawn 89th District.Chairman Redfern is the only Ohio Democratic Party Chairman on record to win a Gubernatorial, U.S. Senate, and Presidential election. In 2008, Redfern accomplished another first, as the Columbus Dispatch noted \"Democrats made history -- marking the first time a party that did not draw the district lines was ever able to take control of the House chamber.\" Following President Barack Obama's successful 2012 re-election, Refern became the only State Party Chairman in Ohio's history to help a Democratic Presidential candidate carry the buckeye state twice with more than 50% of the vote. Since taking office in late 2005, Chairman Redfern has helped raise more than $100,000,000 for ohio Democrats.Before becoming party chairman, he was the Minority Leader in the Ohio House of Representatives.  During Mr. Redfern's term as Minority Leader, he was the first Democratic Leader to oversee multiple gains in the Ohio House of Representatives (during the 2004 election) since former Speaker of the Ohio House Vern Riffe.[1]  Mr. Redfern was also an Ottawa County commissioner from 1993 to 1999 - the youngest in the state when his term began in 1993.The strategy bore fruit immediately in 2006 with the election of Governor Ted Strickland and Senator Sherrod Brown, whose victories proved that Democrats could compete in any region of the state.  Chris Redfern led the Ohio Democratic Party into key municipal elections, capturing the Canton mayor’s office for the first time in sixteen years and helping to elect the first African American mayor in the history of Mansfield, Ohio.In 2008, Chairman Redfern set the party’s sights on the general election and began constructing the largest field operation ever envisioned by a state political party.  Together, the Campaign for Change and the Ohio Democratic Party registered 105,862 new Ohio voters and engaged in 3,552,486 conversations with Ohioans at their doors or on the phone.  Fueling these record-breaking figures were the efforts of more than 60,000 committed volunteers from neighborhoods across Ohio. On Election Day, Ohio Democrats delivered a decisive victory for Barack Obama and picked up three new congressional seats.  Democrats also captured the Ohio House on a legislative map drawn by state Republicans, a feat never before seen in Ohio history.Following a disappointing national Republican wave in 2010, Chairman Redfern led Ohio Democrats back to victory in 2012 by championing one of the largest campaign investments in Ohio's history. Between the Ohio Democratic Party and the President's Ohio campaign, Democrats made an unprecedented 16,261,643 attempts to talk to Ohio voters from more than 170 field offices, staffed by more than 750 paid employees and tens of thousands of volunteers across the state. On Election Night, Chairman Redfern's gamble paid off as Barack Obama became the first Democratic presidential candidate since 1940 to carry more than fifty percent of Ohio voters' support twice.Ohio Democrats' early investment was also successful for Senator Sherrod Brown who was able to overcome an unprecedented $40 million spent against him in attack ads in part because of the infrastructure his campaign and the Ohio Democratic Party put in place. Despite a redistricting period controlled by the opposing party where three Democratic State House incumbent seats were eliminated, Ohio Democrats also won races that were supposed to be out of reach, and overcame a 3-1 financial disadvantage to re-elect Lou Gentile to the State Senate. And for the first time in 12 years, Democrats won a seat on the Ohio Supreme Court.Chairman Redfern attended Bowling Green State University where he earned both a Bachelor’s Degree and then his Master’s Degree in state and local government. He received the BGSU Accomplished Graduate Award in 2004. Redfern is married to his wife Kim and they live with their daughter on Catawba Island. In 2014, Redfern and his wife opened Rocky Point Winery in Marblehead, a boutique winery and Inn specializing in Lake Erie region wines."@en .corpus121.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guild_League> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Guild League are an independent pop band from Melbourne, Australia. The Guild League's music can be broadly categorized as independent style pop, although their recorded output stretches from a rap style (Siamese Couplets), to a cappella. Led by Tali White, the vocalist from The Lucksmiths, the band was originally formed as a recording project in 2001. They have released albums through the Matinee Records label in the United States, and the now-defunctCandle Records in Australia.Their first album, Private Transport, (2002) credited 16 musicians from Australia and the United States. The band reduced in size by 2004 when their second album Inner North was released, with core members White, Cressida Griffith  (cello/bass), and Rodrigo Pintos-Lopez (guitar). As of November 2006, the line-up was Tali White (vocals, guitar, keys), Gerry Eeman (guitar), Cressida Griffith (cello/bass), Phil Collings (drums), Gus Rigby (tenor sax, keys), and Roger Clark (trumpet).The Guild League celebrated the release of their third album, Speak Up, on Oct. 12, 2008, in Melbourne. The album was available for purchase on Dec. 2, 2008.Tali White is the main songwriter for the band, writing all lyrics. Music is written by White, or by or in collaboration with Rodrigo Pintos-Lopez in the past, or more recently in collaboration with Gerry Eeman from Basic shape and Phil Collings.On February 25, 2009 Aaron Zelinsky reported in his Huffington Post Blog that U.S. President Barack Obama used some lyrics from the Guild League song Shirtless Sky in his inaugural address to Congress."@en .corpus121.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stapleford,_Cambridgeshire> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stapleford is a village located approximately four miles to the south of Cambridge, in the county of Cambridgeshire, in eastern England on the right hand bank of the River Granta. Stapleford is first mentioned in 956 when it was given the Latinised name of Stapelforda, formerly Stapleton. Unlike most parishes the spelling has hardly changed since then. The parish, however, was inhabited long before this. Wandlebury Ring, which lies within the parish boundary, is an Iron Age hill fort, originally built in the 3rd century BC, but rebuilt with a double bank in the 1st century AD. More recently, the village found fame with the discovery that Barack Obama is a direct descendant of one Thomas Blossom, who grew up here towards the end of the 16th century before emigrating to the United States.Stapleford is home to three pubs; The Rose, The Three Horseshoes, and The Tree (now closed), Saint Andrews church, a primary school, several garages, two hairdressers, allotments, a Sunday League football team and several farms.Famous ex-residents include Robert Huff (racing driver).Stapleford is twinned with Villedomer, in the Loire region of France.  Stapleford is also twinned with Nachingwea, one of the six districts in the Lindi Region of Tanzania."@en .corpus121.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Guilford_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Northeast Guilford High School is a secondary school located in Guilford County, North Carolina, USA. The school serves grades nine through twelve, with an enrollment of 1265 students for the 2007 school year. Demographically, the school serves primarily Caucasian and African American students, who make up 47% and 43% of total enrollment respectively. The remainder of the student body is composed of Hispanics (5%), multi-racial students (3%), Asians (1%), and American Indians (1%),Northeast Guilford has a main building, a vocational building, and a well-established amount of portable classrooms. In the year 2005, due to the increase in enrollment, Northeast Guilford was targeted for expansion. The cafeteria was updated to accommodate 500 students.  A new gym and a separate building are under construction and are scheduled to be completed at the end of the 2006/2007 school year.The school offers a NJROTC program, as well as Advanced Placement classes. Northeast Guilford's varsity football team has been the most dominating sports team in school history. The football team has been to the state playoffs 17 years in a row, all under head coach Tommy Pursley, who has never had a losing season at the school.  They currently have the third longest playoff appearance streak in the state, only behind Thomasville and Clinton, respectively.  They have won over 100 games in the last ten years and have been to two state championships and an eastern state regional championship in 10 years.  Recently the school's soccer team has become a force, going to the state playoffs and exceeding in them. The schools marching band is one of the best in the region, they came in third place in Class A in the National High Stepping Band Competition. The school's colors are navy, white, and silver.  Northeast's mascot is the Mighty Rams. The Northeast Guilford Choral Department is also one of the best in the state, winning over 50 national and regional titles spanning over 25 years. The choirs have also been invited to perform and several international events such as the 50th anniversary of the Battle of Normandy in France and the 2009 Heritage Festival for the Presidential Inauguration of Barack Obama."@en .corpus121.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._William_Field> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dr. Bill Field  is an academic scholar and Professor in the Department of Occupational and Environmental Health and Department of Epidemiology within the College of Public Health  at the University of Iowa.  He received a BS and MS degree in Biology from Millersville University of Pennsylvania and a PhD in Preventive Medicine from the College of Medicine at the University of Iowa  in 1994.  Dr. Field is considered one of the leading advocates in the world for the reduction of radon exposure in homes, schools and workplaces.He started his research career in the aftermath of the Three Mile Island accident in Pennsylvania in 1979.  His study describing the occurrence of radioactive iodine in meadow voles (Microtus pennsylvanicus) was the only peer-reviewed scientific study documenting radioactive contamination of the wild food chain in the vicinity of Three Mile Island.  Subsequent studies examining the deposition of cesium-137 in the white-tailed deer indicated there was not widespread contamination of cesium in the vicinity of Three Mile Island following the Three Mile Island accident.Dr. Field is currently an occupational and environmental epidemiologist as well as an internationally recognized expert on the measurement and health effects of radon gas. The Iowa Radon Lung Cancer Study, which was overseen by Dr. Field, is widely considered the most comprehensive residential radon study ever performed.  The study  found a 50% increased lung cancer risk at the EPA's radon action level of 4 pCi/L. He has been actively involved at the local, state, national, and international level in communication efforts (i.e. research-to-practice) to reduce smoking and radon-related lung cancer since publication of the landmark radon study.Prof. Field currently directs the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health's funded Occupational Epidemiology Training Program at the University of Iowa.  He has served on numerous national and international committees including the World Health Organization's International Radon Project, and serves on the United States Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Science Advisory Board and the Board's Radiation Advisory Committee.  He has also previously served on numerous National Academy of Science's Committees. President Barack Obama appointed Dr. Field to the Advisory Board on Radiation and Worker Health in October 2009. The board is appointed by the President to advise the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services on its activities under the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000.  In 2011, Dr. Field was honored as the recipient of Millersville University of Pennsylvania's highest alumni honor, the Distinguished Alumni Award and in 2012 received the University of Iowa's Michael J Brody Award, which is considered one of the highest awards for faculty, for his long-term efforts to improve the health of the state and nation. ==References==[4]EPA BoardPresidential Appointmenthttp://www.cdc.gov/niosh/ocas/ocasadv.html#members"@en .corpus121.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Salvador_Cathedral> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Metropolitan Cathedral of the Holy Savior (Catedral Metropolitana de San Salvador) is the principal church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Salvador and the seat of the Archbishop of San Salvador.  The church was twice visited by Pope John Paul II who said that the cathedral was \"intimately allied with the joys and hopes of the Salvadoran people.\"  During his visits in 1983 and 1996, the Pope knelt and prayed before the Tomb of Archbishop Óscar Romero, assassinated in 1980, whose tomb here is a major pilgrim draw. President Barack Obama visited the Cathedral and the tomb during his March 2011 trip to Latin America.In late December of 2012, the Archbishop of San Salvador, José Luis Escobar Alas, ordered the removal of the tiled ceramic mural facade of the cathedral without consulting the national government or the artist, the Salvadoran master Fernando Llort. Workers chipped off and destroyed all the 2,700 tiles of the mural."@en .corpus122.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Tenembaum> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Baruch Tenembaum was born in Argentina on 9 July 1933 at the Las Palmeras colony, a Santa Fe provincial settlement for Jewish immigrants escaping from the Russian pogroms of 1880. The grandson and son of Jewish gauchos, he studied in Buenos Aires and Rosario.  He is best known as an interfaith activist, most recently with the International Raoul Wallenberg Foundation. World gambling operator - Ladbrokes, gave Baruch Tenembaum a 1/40 odds to win the prize, as oppose to 1/20 to the actual winner, US President Barack Obama. In a recent interview to Zenit News Agency, he was asked about his nomination to the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize, to what he replied: \"Who I am?...just a descendant of slaves\". Tenembaum characterized his life as being dedicated \"to thank those human beings who saved lives, who risked themselves. [...] At the Wallenberg Foundation we work intensively to discover, among others, the exceptional deeds of those heroic human beings.\"The Wallenberg Foundation aims to pay tribute to the \"Saviors of the Holocaust,\" recognizing those who \"risked their lives and freedom to save thousands of Jews from a certain death in hands of the Nazis during the Second World War,\" the site of the foundation explains. Lately, the Foundation charter has expanded to highlight the legacies of rescuers in other major conflicts, such as the victims of the Armenian Genocide."@en .corpus123.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_outpost_(NASA)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A lunar outpost was an element of the George W. Bush era Vision for Space Exploration, which has been replaced with  President Barack Obama's space policy.  The outpost would have been an inhabited facility on the surface of the Moon.  At the time it was proposed, NASA was to construct the outpost over the five years between 2019 and 2024. The United States Congress directed that the U.S. portion, \"shall be designated the Neil A. Armstrong Lunar Outpost\".On December 4, 2006, NASA announced the conclusion of its Global Exploration Strategy and Lunar Architecture Study. The Lunar Architecture Study's purpose was to \"define a series of lunar missions constituting NASA's Lunar campaign to fulfill the Lunar Exploration elements\" of the Vision for Space Exploration.What resulted was a basic plan for a lunar outpost near one of the poles of the Moon, which would permanently house astronauts in six-month shifts. These studies were made before the discovery of  water ice (5.6 ± 2.9% by mass) in a polar crater, which may substantially affect plans."@en .corpus123.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Town_Academy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "West Town Academy [1] is a part of Greater West Town Community Development Project [2], a communitarian non-profit organization working toward development on the West Side of Chicago,  The school originated as a GED program aimed at Chicago high school dropouts.  It became a fully state-certified high school in 1998 and, as cited in a November 11, 2003 article in the Chicago Tribune entitled \"1 in 5 blacks drop out\" and a Chicago Sun-Times January 9, 2004 article entitled \"Schools pressured to dump bad students, critics say\", has been retrieving \"disenrolled\" minority students from the Chicago Public Schools system through its association as a campus of Youth Connection Charter School.  It also operates as an independent high school through the enrollment of students who are wards of the court and the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services.  This situation makes West Town Academy both a public and private school simultaneously.The school  and its parent agency have hosted many local, statewide and national politicians.  Then newly elected state senator Barack Obama was the commencement speaker for the class of 2000.  Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley, Illinois governors Rod Blagojevich and Pat Quinn, and U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Timothy Geithner have all used it as a podium to make policy statements.  Democratic presidential candidate Senator John Kerry and then candidate for the U.S. Senate from Illinois Obama held a campaign event in its original location during the 2004 campaign.The school was founded by William Leavy, who is also  director of its parent organization, The school   moved to its new location, 534 N Sacramento, Chicago, IL, in June 2010.Grossman, Kate N. Chicago Sun-Times. Schools pressured to dump bad students, critics say. January 9, 2004. pg. 8.Olszewski, Lori. Chicago Tribune. 1 in 5 blacks drop out. November 11, 2003. pg. 1.Rowe, Anitra. Wicker Park Booster. Academy gives drop outs a second chance. November 29. 2006. http://www.pioneerlocal.com/booster2/news/152319,b2-dropouts-112906-s1.article"@en .corpus124.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maira_Kalman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Maira Kalman (born 1949) is an American illustrator, writer, artist, and designer. Her work most widely held in WorldCat libraries is Fireboat: the heroic adventures of the John J. Harvey, a picture book she both wrote and illustrated. It won the annual Boston Globe–Horn Book Award for Nonfiction in 2003.Born in Tel Aviv, Kalman came to New York City with her family at age 4. She attended the High School of Music and Art, now LaGuardia High School.Kalman has written a series of children's books about Max Stravinsky, the poet-dog. She has done covers for The New Yorker, including one she did with Rick Meyerowitz called New Yorkistan. She created the sets for the Mark Morris Dance Group production of Four Saints in Three Acts, an opera by Virgil Thompson and Gertrude Stein. Kalman is also known for her illustrations for the 2005 edition of The Elements of Style, the popular guide to writing style, by William Strunk and E. B. White.  Maira Kalman was married to the designer Tibor Kalman until his death in 1999. Together, the two ran the design company M&Co. The company remains successful today. Ms. Kalman wrote the monthly illustrated blog The Principles of Uncertainty for the New York Times for one year, ending in April 2007. The blog was published in a book of the same title, which was released in 2007 to critical acclaim. During 2009, Kalman wrote another illustrated blog in the New York Times called \"And the Pursuit of Happiness\" about American democracy. The blog was published as a book in 2010. The first chapter chronicles her visit to Washington, D.C. for President Barack Obama's inauguration. Kalman's work is also featured on Rosenbach Museum and Library's 21st Century Abe project.Kalman is represented by the Julie Saul Gallery in New York City.More recently she illustrated Daniel Handler's picture book 13 Words."@en .corpus124.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_(WBEZ)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Odyssey was a daily talk show of ideas produced by WBEZ Chicago Public Radio. Hosted by Gretchen Helfrich, Odyssey explored topics ranging from religion in the public sphere to reasoning about risk; pacifism to post-national identity; memory to Microsoft; societal views on mental health to the state of marriage. Odyssey first went on the air in Chicago in 1998 and was launched as Chicago Public Radio's newest national program in November 2001.\"Talk radio has a reputation for being either inflammatory or pretentious,\" said Torey Malatia, the president and general manager of Chicago Public Radio. \"Odyssey moves this format in a new direction by providing a forum for the best minds in fields as diverse as politics, science, culture, philosophy, law, and the arts to engage in insightful conversation.\" Odyssey's guests had varied and complementary views and were invited to investigate ideas and issues—rather than just to debate them. The first part of the program was an in-depth discussion of ideas that influence the world in which we live. Towards the end of each show, listeners were invited to call in and join the conversation. Barack Obama made at least three appearances on the show engaging in deep, non-political, discussions of public policy for the duration of the program.The theme music for the show was written by little-known Chicago band OK Go, who later went on to wider fame.  Helfrich and other radio personalities also appeared in a video for the band.Odyssey ended production on September 30, 2005, and the audio is archived at Archive.org. When the show ended, its host Gretchen Helfrich enrolled in the University of Chicago Law School, graduating in 2009 with honors. In 2014 she joined the civil rights law firm of Loevy & Loevy."@en .corpus125.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Ambassador_to_Benin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Kingdom of Dahomey was an overseas possession of France—part of French West Africa—until 1958. In that year Dahomey became an autonomous republic, and gained full independence in 1960. The United States immediately recognized Dahomey and began the process of initiating diplomatic relations. A U.S. Embassy at Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire (then named Ivory Coast) was established with Donald L. Norland as Chargé d'Affaires ad interim. The embassy was also accredited also to Dahomey, Niger, and Upper Volta (now named Burkina Faso) while resident at Abidjan. On July 31, 1960, Chargé Norland presented his credentials to the government of Dahomey, to take effect on August 1, 1960. On October 14, 1960, R. Borden Reams was appointed as the ambassador and presented his credentials on November 26, 1960.On February 15, 1961, the Embassy in Cotonou, Dahomey was established with Converse Hettinger as Chargé d'Affaires ad interim. Ambassador Reams remained resident in Abidjan.In 1961 Robinson McIlvaine was appointed as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary with a separate commission solely to Dahomey. He presented his credentials to the government of Dahomey on June 22, 1961.The Republic of Dahomey changed its name to Republic of Benin in 1975.In June 2009, President Barack Obama nominated James Knight to succeed Brown as U.S. Ambassador to Benin."@en .corpus125.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Lerer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kenneth Lerer is an American businessman and media executive.  He was the chairman and co-founder of The Huffington Post, an American news website acquired by Aol in 2011. Lerer is also a Managing Director of Lerer Ventures, and Chairman of Betaworks and BuzzFeed.Founded in January 2010, Lerer Ventures is a seed stage venture capital fund. Investments include Warby Parker, RapGenius, SailThru, Namely, GroupMe, Makerbot, and Birchbox.  In addition, Lerer Ventures runs its own incubator, Soho Tech Labs.Lerer is a past Executive Vice President of AOL Time Warner and was a founding partner of New York-based corporate communications firm Robinson, Lerer, and Montgomery. In 2013, Lerer launched StoptheNRA.com to advocate for the continuation of the assault weapons ban as a federal law.  He subsequently donated the website to the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence.Lerer has taught at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, University of Pennsylvania and New York University, where he lectured on the media and American corporations.  He served as Chairman of the Public Theater in New York for 10 years, and is now its Chairman Emeritus. He is also on the boards of the Association to Benefit Children, and the Bank Street College of Education.He has two children: a son, Benjamin, who started Thrillist, an online men's lifestyle website, and is also a Managing Director at Lerer Ventures; and a daughter, Isabel, a founder of The Dodo, an animal-themed site. Lerer and his wife, Katherine Sailer, are active fundraisers for the Democratic party. According to the New York Times, on April 9, 2007, they co-hosted a $2,300/plate fundraiser for Barack Obama at their Central Park West apartment in New York.Lerer is one of the minority owners of the New York Mets, holding a 4% stake in the baseball team."@en .corpus125.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garr_King> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Garr Michael King (born January 28, 1936) is a Judge of the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon.  He was appointed to the federal bench by President Clinton in 1997 to fill a vacancy left by Helen J. Frye's attaining senior judge status.  A graduate of University of Utah, he received his LL.B. from Lewis & Clark College's Northwestern School of Law in 1963.  Before becoming a federal judge, he served as a Multnomah County prosecutor, and engaged in private practice.In November 2007, King announced his desire to be given senior judge status, which will open up a position on the court. Karin Immergut was considered the early favorite to succeed him, but was not nominated. Marco A. Hernandez was initially nominated for the position in July 2008 by President George W. Bush.  Hernandez was nominated again by President Barack Obama and confirmed in February 2011."@en .corpus125.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Petka> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edward Petka (born March 10, 1943, Chicago, Illinois) was a state's attorney in Will County, Illinois, where he was nicknamed \"Electric Ed\" for putting more people on death row than anyone else in Illinois history. He later served in the Illinois House of Representatives from 1987 to 1993 and then as a Republican member of the Illinois Senate representing the state's 42nd district from 1993 to 2007. As a state senator, he worked with his colleague Barack Obama to reform the state's death-penalty process, mandating the videotaping of police interrogations in murder and  homicide cases. In 2006 Ed Petka was elected a 12th Circuit Court Judge."@en .corpus125.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Heath> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jim Heath (born April 20, 1966, in Van Wert, Ohio) is a Political Correspondent and Analyst for WBNS-TV in Columbus, Ohio.  He is also the moderator of the weekly political program Capitol Square, aired each Sunday on WBNS.During the 2012 presidential campaign, Heath made national news following an interview with Republician presidential hopeful Mitt Romney.  During the interview, which took place in Columbus, Ohio, Heath asked Romney whether he supported the Blunt-Rubio Amendment.  The controversial legislation was being voted on by the U.S. Senate the following day.  Romney answered \"no, I do not support the bill\" but later in the day reversed his position, claiming he misunderstood Heath's question.  The reaction to Romney's initial answer made headlines across the county and was the topic of national cable television political shows. The exchange led GQ Magazine to list Heath on their Top 5 political \"Power List.\"Prior to Ohio's 2012 presidential primary, The Washington Post named Heath to their \"Best Super Tuesday Twitter List.\"During the 2008 presidential primary cycle, Heath was the only television anchor in South Carolina who landed interviews with all the presidential candidates.  He was invited on board the campaign bus of Senator Fred Thompson during his first campaign trip to South Carolina. He interviewed Senator Barack Obama from J.V. Martin Middle School, one of the oldest and poorest schools in the south. He spent an inning at the ballpark interviewing former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani.  He interviewed John Edwards and his wife Elizabeth Edwards as they walked into the South Carolina Democratic Convention.  He interviewed former Governor Mitt Romney during his first campaign trip to Myrtle Beach.  Heath was the only local journalist invited to interview Senator Hillary Clinton from Florence, South Carolina, as she began her presidential bid.Heath has known and covered Senator John McCain for over thirty years.  In 2002, Heath and McCain won an award from the Arizona Associated Press for a live interview.  When McCain returned to Greenville, South Carolina in January, 2006, for the first time since his defeat in the 2000 South Carolina primary, Heath was granted the first interview. Heath also landed a rare interview with Cindy McCain."@en .corpus126.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawn_Rangers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Lawn Rangers are a \"precision lawn mower drill team\" from Arcola, Illinois.  Founded in 1980 by a group of men from Arcola, Illinois, the Lawn Rangers are the first of their kind.  Two of the men, Pat Monahan and John O'Halloran, decided that they wanted to be in their hometown parade, the annual Broom Corn Festival parade, so they started to think about what skills they possessed.  After deciding that they didn't have any, their wives told them that the only common skill they had was for mowing the lawn.  Since Pat Monahan was part owner of the Thomas Monahan Broom Company, they decided to push lawn mowers and toss brooms in the parade.  They still needed a name for what they were doing.  Fortunately, Clayton Moore, the original Lone Ranger, was the Grand Marshal of that year's Broom Corn Parade.  It was destiny that they became the World Famous \"Lawn Rangers\". Over the years the Lawn Rangers have lived life by their motto:  You're only young once, but you can always be immature.  The group has participated in a number of parades including the Holiday Bowl parade in San Diego, California, the Fiesta Bowl parade in Tempe, Arizona, the Indianapolis 500 parade, and the NFL Hall of Fame Game parade in Canton, Ohio. The group considers the Broomcorn Festival parade in their hometown of Arcola to be their flagship parade.Of the participants, perhaps the most famous is humorist Dave Barry, who has marched with the parade on a number of occasions and written about them in his column.The Illinois General Assembly honored the Lawn Rangers with a resolution commemorating their achievements in 2005.On November 12, 2008, the nationally syndicated television show Inside Edition did a feature story on the Lawn Rangers and the fact that Barack Obama was pictured with them holding a green toilet plunger in 2003, and that the Lawn Rangers were under consideration for participation in the January 20, 2009, United States Presidential Inaugural Parade. This story on Inside Edition has been featured as one of many Lawn Rangers related entries on YouTube.On December 5, 2008, The Lawn Rangers were officially invited to march in the January 20, 2009, United States Presidential Inaugural Parade.  On the day of the parade, lawn mowers were decorated for the occasion, with one mower sporting a large blow-up photo of Obama waving the plunger.  The President pointed to the picture when he spotted it in the parade, and he and Mrs. Obama laughed."@en .corpus126.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rye_Barcott> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rye Barcott is author of It Happened on the Way to War.  He is a former U.S. Marine and cofounder of Carolina for Kibera, an acclaimed non-governmental organization that uses a unique model of participatory development to break cycles of violence and develop leaders in the Kibera slum of Nairobi, Kenya.  He was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2011.  President Barack Obama appointed him to the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board as a representative of the veteran community in 2012."@en .corpus126.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bersin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alan D. Bersin (born October 15, 1946) served as the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). Commissioner Bersin was placed by President Barack Obama on March 27, 2010 as a recess appointment. As Commissioner, Mr. Bersin oversaw the operations of CBP’s 57,000-employee work force and managed an operating budget of more than $11 billion. Bersin formerly served as the Department of Homeland Security Assistant Secretary for International Affairs and Special Representative for Border Affairs, informally known as the \"Border Czar.\" Bersin currently serves as Assistant Secretary of International Affairs and Chief Diplomatic Officer for the Department of Homeland Security, a position he assumed on January 3, 2012. According to the Department of Homeland Security website, in this position Bersin \"oversees the Department's international engagement and serves as the principal advisor to Secretary Janet Napolitano on all international affairs\".Bersin is a former Secretary of Education for California, as well as a former superintendent of San Diego City Schools, past federal Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) and United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the Southern District of California, and former Attorney General’s Southwest Border Representative. He previously served as the chair of the executive committee of the San Diego County Regional Airport Authority."@en .corpus127.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Cortés-Vázquez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lorraine A. Cortés-Vázquez was the 65th Secretary of State of New York, serving in the Cabinet of Governor David Paterson.  She originally served in the Cabinet of former Governor Eliot Spitzer and remained in office following Paterson's taking over the governorship on March 17, 2008. A former Vice President for Government and Public Affairs with Cablevision, she was Chief of staff to former New York Assemblyman Roberto Ramirez.  From 2001 to 2007, she served on the New York State Board of Regents.As Secretary of State, she was formally responsible with accepting Spitzer's resignation from the governorship on March 17, 2008 due to a sex scandal. She also accepted the resignation of U.S. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton when she resigned as New York's Senator to the United States Senate after she accepted the position of United States Secretary of State in President Barack Obama's newly formed cabinet. She is of Puerto Rican and Dominican descent and is the second person of Puerto Rican ancestry to serve as Secretary of State in a state of the Union, preceded only by Pedro Cortés, of Pennsylvania."@en .corpus127.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Beach> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sandy Beach (location 21°17′5″N 157°40′20″W) is a beach on the South Shore of Oʻahu in Hawaiʻi. It is known for its excellent bodyboarding and bodysurfing opportunities due to shore break that breaks very close to the shore. Consequently, more injuries occur per year at Sandy Beach than any other beach in Hawaiʻi, earning it the infamous nickname, \"break-neck\" beach. The water is especially dangerous during high surf, when strong rip currents are present. The beach park is located between Hanauma Bay Nature Preserve Park on the west and Makapuʻu Point on east along 8800 Kalanianaʻole Highway in Hawaiʻi Kai, on Honolulu's southside neighborhood.In October 2014, Honolulu City Council member Stanley Chang proposed changing the name of Sandy Beach to \"President Barack Obama Sandy Beach Park.\" The plans were dropped due to opposition from the public."@en .corpus127.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri's_4th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Missouri's 4th Congressional District consists of west central Missouri. The district is predominantly rural and relatively conservative; George W. Bush defeated John Kerry 64% to 35% in Election 2004 and John McCain defeated Barack Obama 61% to 38% in Election 2008. The district is currently represented by Vicky Hartzler, a Republican.This district has historically been a Democratic Party stronghold.  Antipathy to the Republican Party had its origins in the American Civil War and the infamous General Order 11.  While Republicans found some success in this area after the Civil War, until 2010 only one Republican had been elected here since the Great Depression and only for one term.  Bill Clinton carried this district by a lopsided margin in 1992 and carried it again by a smaller margin in 1996.  However, several demographic trends have converged to erode the Democratic base in this district.  First, as the New York Times election maps show, the predominantly rural counties lining the Missouri River have sharply trended Republican between the 2000 Senate election and the 2006 election. Secondly, population losses in the Kansas City based 5th district drew most of the district's share of heavily Democratic Jackson County out of the 4th district.  To compensate for this, large portions of heavily Republican Southwest Missouri were moved in from the neighboring 7th district.  The result of these aforementioned trends resulted in a spectacular collapse of Democratic support in the district. Al Gore, John Kerry, and Barack Obama won less than 40% of the vote here.  In the 2010 general election, Hartzler defeated 34-year Democratic incumbent Ike Skelton."@en .corpus128.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedtime_Record> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Bedtime Record is a defunct record label that began in Chattanooga, TN in 1997 by Jake Cunningham. The label was born from an idea to release 7\" compilations with four bands on each record, two from the United States and two from Europe. All releases were limited edition (500 - 1000 copies) in vinyl format. The label also released several 7\" singles and a 10\" split. The bands included Golden, The Microphones, Wookieback, Orange Cake Mix, Bob Hund, Le Mans, Spring, Dent, The Ruby Dare and Fegan among others.Many of the bands featured in these releases were in the early stages of their musical careers and went on to gain wider recognition. Most notably, Phil Elvrum of The Microphones released his critically acclaimed album The Glow Pt. 2, which received a 9.1 rating from Pitchfork.com. Two members of Washington, DC's Golden went on to form the international Benga-rock band Extra Golden and sign to Thrill Jockey Records. In 2007, Extra Golden gained much attention when two of their Kenyan members had visa issues prior to the Chicago World Music Festival. Then-Senator Barack Obama stepped in to help the two musicians gain permission to enter the US. Wookieback leader, John Ringhofer, released multiple records as Half-Handed Cloud, as well as collaborations with Sufjan Stevens and Daniel Smith of Danielson and Sounds Familyre.In 2008, Jake Cunningham founded an artist management company in New York City, Long Time Management, and currently represents 2011 Uncut Music Award nominee Hans Chew."@en .corpus128.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Kornbluh> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Karen Kornbluh (born 1963) is Executive Vice President of External Affairs at  Nielsen.  She was previously an American government official, and expert on communications policy, international trade and issues affecting working families. A senior adviser to Barack Obama from the beginning of his Senate tenure throughout his 2008 presidential campaign, she has been called \"Obama's brain\". Obama appointed her as the U.S. Ambassador to the OECD."@en .corpus129.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009_Major_League_Baseball_All-Star_Game> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2009 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 80th midseason exhibition between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and the National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball. The game was held on July 14, 2009, at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Missouri, the home of the National League St. Louis Cardinals. The game was the first all-star game held in St. Louis since 1966. This was the seventh year in which the All-Star Game determined home field advantage in the World Series, with the American League winning all seven games up to and including 2009 under this format. After the game, the National League lead, 40–38–2, but had not won since 1996. Fox televised the contest, with Joe Buck and Tim McCarver in the booth for the game broadcast, joined at the bottom of the 2nd inning by President Barack Obama. Pre-game coverage began at 5 PM US EDT on MLB Network, with ESPN joining in at 7 PM US EDT. Outside the USA, Rogers Sportsnet (Canada) and ESPN America (Europe) carried MLB's international feed with their own video feed and announcers.The Cardinals had hoped to use the event to show off its planned Ballpark Village residential and entertainment complex to be built on the site of the former Busch Memorial Stadium across the street from the new ballpark. However the plans had not materialized by the time of the game and the Cardinals opted to use the site for a softball field and parking lot instead.On April 22, 2009, All-Star balloting began on MLB.com with eight position players (excluding pitchers and designated hitters) from each of the 30 teams being nominated for fans to vote. As with last year, only 25 email ballots could be cast and voting officially ended at 11:59 ET on July 2. Final rosters, with the exception of the final vote, were announced on July 5.Fans voted for up to three players per league to participate in the State Farm Home Run Derby.  For the first time, the batting practice sessions were telecast on the self-owned MLB Network.By length of time, this was the shortest MLB All-Star game (2:31) since 1988. At one point during the game, the American League retired 18 straight batters, the second most in All-Star game history."@en .corpus129.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rican_recipients_of_the_Distinguished_Service_Cross> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Puerto Ricans have served as members of the United States Armed Forces and have fought in every major conflict in which the United States has been involved from World War I onward.  Many Puerto Ricans, including those of Puerto Rican descent, have distinguished themselves during combat as members of the five branches of the U.S. Military, the Army, Marines, Navy, Air Force and the Coast Guard.Nine Puerto Ricans have been awarded the United States' highest military decoration — the Medal of Honor, seven have been awarded the Navy Cross and eighteen have been awarded the Distinguished Service Cross.The Distinguished Service Cross (DSC) is the second highest military decoration of the United States Army, awarded for extreme gallantry and risk of life in actual combat with an armed enemy force. Actions which merit the Distinguished Service Cross must be of such a high degree to be above those required for all other U.S. combat decorations but not meeting the criteria for the Medal of Honor. The following is a list of the fifteen Puerto Ricans awarded the Distinguished Service Cross with their citations.On March 18, 2014, President Barack Obama upgraded the Distinguished Service Cross' of Juan E. Negrón, Demensio Rivera, Miguel Vera and Félix M Conde Falcón to the Medal of Honor in a ceremony held in the White House."@en .corpus129.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Manilow> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lewis Manilow (born Irvin Inger, August 11, 1927, Chicago, Illinois) is an American attorney, real estate developer, and arts patron.  He is known as one of the founders of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago. He helped fund the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, in collaboration with Joseph Randall Shapiro and other passionate contemporary art collectors in 1967 when Hugh Hefner made the former Playboy Enterprises-owned space on 237 E. Ontario St. available. He was also a principal backer and longtime honorary president of Chicago's Goodman Theatre and the developer of the town of University Park, Illinois, where he was instrumental in the creation of the Nathan Manilow Sculpture Park, a monumental internationally recognized outdoor sculpture park at Governors State University.Manilow was one of the producers of the film The Next Best Thing (2000).  He is a longtime supporter of Democratic political candidates including Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.Manilow is a lifetime trustee of the Art Institute of Chicago, served as a member of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy, and serves on the boards of the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs, the Progressive Policy Institute, the Visiting Committee of the University of Chicago's Harris School of Public Policy, and the Executive Committee of the Chicago Community Trust.  Manilow was awarded the National Medal of Arts in 2000."@en .corpus129.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Kmiec> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Douglas W. Kmiec (pronounced kah-MECK; born September 24, 1951) is an American legal scholar, author, and former U.S. ambassador. He is the Caruso Family Chair and Professor of Constitutional Law at Pepperdine University School of Law. Kmiec came to prominence during the United States presidential election, 2008 when, although a Republican, he endorsed Democrat Barack Obama. In July 2009, he was nominated by President Obama to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Malta.  He was confirmed by the Senate and served for close to two years as ambassador to Malta. He resigned his post effective May 31, 2011."@en .corpus129.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Kelley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matt Kelley (born 1978) is a mixed-race Korean American writer, public speaker and consultant born in Spokane, Washington and living in Seoul, South Korea.He is the co-editor of the Multiracial Child Resource Book: Living Complex Identities (2003) with Maria P. P. Root and is producer of the documentary film, Chasing Daybreak: A Film About Mixed Race in America (2006), which features U.S. President Barack Obama.In 1998, as a 19-year-old, first-year student at Wesleyan University, Kelley created MAVIN magazine, one of the first print publications about racially mixed people. In 2000, he founded the Seattle, Washington-based Mavin Foundation, a 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization whose mission is to build “healthy communities that celebrate and empower mixed heritage people and families\". Under his direction the organization created projects including the award-winning MatchMaker Bone Marrow Project, the Mixed Heritage Center and the Generation MIX National Awareness Tour. He left the organization in 2006 but continues to serve on its Board of Advisors.Kelley is recognized as a spokesperson for multiracial Americans. He frequently appears in media and has received several awards, including being named a \"Point of Light\" by President George W. Bush. In 2004, as vice president of the Association of MultiEthnic Americans, he was the multiracial representative on the U.S. Department of Commerce's Decennial Census Advisory Committee. In 2005 he presented testimony to Congress about mixed-race health concerns.Kelley has volunteered with several organizations that work with youth, Asian American, African American and lesbian and gay issues."@en .corpus13.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama,_Fukui> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Obama (小浜市, Obama-shi) is a city in Fukui Prefecture, Japan. It faces Wakasa Bay due north of Kyoto, and is about four to seven hours by train from Tokyo.As of October 1, 2005, the city has an estimated population of 32,185 and a population density of 138.22 persons per km². The total area is 232.85 km².Obama gained publicity in the United States and elsewhere in 2008, as it shares its name with the then-senator Barack Obama, who was running for President of the United States."@en .corpus13.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._C._Williams_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "T. C. Williams High School is a public secondary school in the United States, with about 3300 students located in Alexandria, Virginia, near Washington, D.C.It was named after former superintendent Thomas Chambliss Williams of Alexandria City Public Schools (ACPS), who served from the mid-1930s to the mid-1960s. The high school is located near the geographic center of the city, at 3330 King Street and is referred to informally as \"T.C.\" (rather than \"Williams\") by students, faculty and locals. Approximately 2,500 students from grades 10–12 are enrolled at T.C's main campus. About 800 ninth graders have most or all of their classes at the branch Minnie Howard campus (0.6 miles (1.0 km) distant) and participate in T.C. Williams sports and extracurricular activities as well as some classes.The school offers numerous Advanced Placement courses for its students.  Every year, dozens of graduates go on to elite colleges, and T.C. Williams has won statewide academic and scientific competitions.T.C. has an Army Junior ROTC program, which participated in President Barack Obama's Inaugural Parade.The T.C. Williams Marching Band travels to competitions up and down the East Coast.The school's football team was the subject of the 2000 film Remember the Titans."@en .corpus13.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Reich> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert Bernard Reich (/ˈraɪʃ/; born June 24, 1946) is an American political economist, professor, author, and political commentator. He served in the administrations of Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter and was Secretary of Labor under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997.Reich is currently Chancellor's Professor of Public Policy at the Goldman School of Public Policy at the University of California, Berkeley. He was formerly a professor at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government and professor of social and economic policy at the Heller School for Social Policy and Management of Brandeis University. He has also been a contributing editor of The New Republic, The American Prospect (also chairman and founding editor), Harvard Business Review, The Atlantic, The New York Times, and The Wall Street Journal.Reich is a political commentator on programs including Hardball with Chris Matthews,  This Week with George Stephanopoulos, CNBC's Kudlow & Company, and APM's Marketplace. In 2008, Time magazine named him one of the Ten Best Cabinet Members of the century, and The Wall Street Journal in 2008 placed him sixth on its list of the \"Most Influential Business Thinkers\". He was appointed a member of President-elect Barack Obama's economic transition advisory board.  Until 2012 he was married to British-born lawyer, Clare Dalton, with whom he has two sons, Sam and Adam. He has published 14 books, including the best-sellers The Work of Nations, Reason, Supercapitalism, Aftershock: The Next Economy and America's Future, and a best-selling e-book, Beyond Outrage. He is also chairman of Common Cause and writes his own blog about the political economy at Robertreich.org. The Robert Reich – Jacob Kornbluth film Inequality for All won a U.S. Documentary Special Jury Award for Achievement in Filmmaking at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival in Utah."@en .corpus13.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Chafee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lincoln Davenport Chafee (/ˈtʃeɪfiː/; born March 26, 1953) is an American politician who served as the 74th Governor of Rhode Island from January 2011 to January 2015. Prior to his election as governor, Chafee served in the United States Senate as a Republican from 1999 until 2007. That same year, he left the Republican Party and became an independent. He is the first independent to serve as Governor of Rhode Island since John Collins, who served 1786–1790. On May 29, 2013, he announced he was switching his registration to the Democratic Party. On September 4, 2013, facing low approval ratings, Chafee announced that he would not seek re-election to a second term as Governor. A Rhode Island native educated at Phillips Academy and Brown University, Chafee worked as a professional farrier for seven years before entering state politics in 1985. He was a delegate to the Rhode Island State Constitutional Convention, a member of the Warwick, Rhode Island city council, and later the mayor of Warwick. Chafee was appointed to the United States Senate in 1999 upon the death of his father, Senator John Chafee, and was elected in the 2000 Senate election for a full six-year term. In 2006, he ran for re-election but lost to Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse.Chafee was a supporter of Barack Obama's 2008 presidential bid and was a co-chair of Obama's re-election campaign. On January 4, 2010, Chafee declared his intent to run for Governor of Rhode Island. Prior to entering the gubernatorial race, he was a Distinguished Visiting Fellow at Brown University's Watson Institute for International Studies."@en .corpus13.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Kennedy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Caroline Bouvier Kennedy (born November 27, 1957) is an American author, attorney, and the current United States Ambassador to Japan. She is a prominent member of the Kennedy family and the only surviving child of U.S. President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy. She is a niece of Senators Robert F. Kennedy and Ted Kennedy and older sister to John F. Kennedy, Jr..Three years old when her father assumed the Presidency, Caroline Kennedy was just short of her 6th birthday when he was assassinated on November 22, 1963.  The following year, Caroline, her mother, and brother settled on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, where she attended school. Kennedy graduated from Radcliffe College and worked at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art, where she met her future husband, exhibit designer Edwin Schlossberg. She went on to receive a J.D. degree from Columbia Law School. Most of Kennedy's professional life has spanned law and politics, as well as education reform and charitable work. She has also acted as a spokesperson for her family's legacy and co-authored two books on civil liberties with Ellen Alderman.In the 2008 presidential election, Kennedy and her uncle Ted endorsed Democratic candidate Barack Obama for President early in the primary race; she later stumped for him in Florida, Indiana, and Ohio, served as co-chair of his Vice Presidential Search Committee, and addressed the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver. After Obama's selection of then-Senator Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State, Kennedy expressed interest in being appointed to Clinton's vacant Senate seat from New York, but she later withdrew from consideration, citing \"personal reasons\". In 2013, President Obama appointed her as Ambassador to Japan."@en .corpus13.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_City_Policy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Mexico City Policy is an intermittent United States government policy that required all non-governmental organizations (NGOs) that receive federal funding to refrain from performing or promoting abortion services as a method of family planning with non-US government funds in other countries. The policy has not been in effect since January 23, 2009. Since 1973, USAID has followed the Helms Amendment ruling, banning use of U.S. government funds to provide abortion as a method of family planning anywhere in the world. The policy is a political flashpoint in the abortion debate, with Republican administrations adopting it and Democratic administrations rescinding it. The policy was enacted by Republican President Ronald Reagan in 1984, rescinded by Democratic President Bill Clinton in January 1993, re-instituted in January 2001 as Republican President George W. Bush took office, and rescinded January 23, 2009, 3 days after Democratic President Barack Obama took office. It has been referred to by some critics as the Mexico City Gag Rule and the Global Gag Rule,"@en .corpus130.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economy_of_Pittsburgh> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The economy of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is diversified, focused on services, medicine, higher education, tourism, banking, corporate headquarters and high technology. Once the center of the American steel industry, and still known as \"The Steel City,\" today the city of Pittsburgh has no steel mills within its limits, though Pittsburgh-based companies such as US Steel, Ampco Pittsburgh and Allegheny Technologies own several working mills in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area.Pittsburgh was chosen for the 2009 G-20 summit as its transformation is an example of a 21st-century economy.  On September 8, 2009 President Barack Obama stated, \"Pittsburgh stands as a bold example of how to create new jobs and industries while transitioning to a 21st century economy.\"On the most recent list of best cities for job growth in 2009, created by Tara Weiss, a writer for Forbes magazine, Pittsburgh secured its spot because of its strength in the health care and education industries with healthy foundations in technology or robotics and banking industries.  The most recent list of all cities places Pittsburgh as the 169th best city for job growth.Pittsburgh has also ranked in the top five Most Livable Cities in 4 of the 7 multi-year rankings of \"Places Rated Almanac\" (1983, 1985, 1989, 2007)."@en .corpus130.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Carney> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James \"Jay\" Carney (born May 22, 1965) was the 29th White House Press Secretary. He was the second person to serve in the position during the presidency of Barack Obama, having replaced Robert Gibbs. Prior to his appointment as Press Secretary he was director of communications for Vice President Joe Biden.  Carney previously served as Washington Bureau Chief for Time magazine, a post he held from September 2005 until December 2008, and as a regular contributor in the \"roundtable\" segment of ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. President Obama announced he had accepted Carney's resignation as press secretary on May 30, 2014."@en .corpus130.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Jones> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anthony Kapel \"Van\" Jones (born September 20, 1968) is an American environmental advocate, civil rights activist, and attorney. He is a co-founder of four non-profit organizations including Rebuild the Dream, of which he is president. In 1996, he founded the Ella Baker Center for Human Rights, a California non-governmental organization (NGO) working for alternatives to violence. In 2005, he co-founded Color of Change, an advocacy group for African Americans. In 2007, he founded Green for All, a national NGO dedicated to \"building an inclusive green economy strong enough to lift people out of poverty.\" In 2011, he founded Rebuild the Dream, a national advocacy organization working towards a fairer economy. His first book, The Green Collar Economy, was released on October 7, 2008. It won the Nautilus Book Award and reached number 12 on the New York Times Best Seller list. In 2008, Time magazine named Jones one of its \"Heroes of the Environment\". Fast Company called him one of the \"12 Most Creative Minds of 2008\".In March 2009 Jones was appointed by President Barack Obama to the newly created position of Special Advisor for Green Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation at the White House Council on Environmental Quality, where he worked with various \"agencies and departments to advance the administration's climate and energy initiatives, with a special focus on improving vulnerable communities.\" In July 2009 he became \"embroiled in a controversy\" over his past political activities, including a public comment disparaging congressional Republicans, his name appearing on a petition for 911Truth.org, and allegations of association with a Marxist group during the 1990s. For these issues, Van Jones was heavily criticized by conservatives. Jones resigned from the position in early September 2009. \"On the eve of historic fights for health care and clean energy, opponents of reform have mounted a vicious smear campaign against me,\" Jones said in his resignation statement. \"They are using lies and distortions to distract and divide.\"Jones is currently a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and a senior policy advisor at Green for All. Jones also holds a joint appointment at Princeton University, as a distinguished visiting fellow in both the Center for African American Studies and in the Program in Science, Technology and Environmental Policy at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs."@en .corpus130.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristie_Kenney> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kristie Kenney (born May 24, 1955 in Washington, D.C.) is a Career Ambassador in the United States Foreign Service and is a Deputy Assistant Secretary of State.  She previously served as the United States Ambassador to the Republic of Ecuador, as United States ambassador to the Philippines, and most recently as United States Ambassador to Thailand.  She is the first female U.S. ambassador to both countries.   Kenney holds a masters degree in Latin American studies from Tulane University and a bachelor's degree in political science from Clemson University.In July 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Kenney as the United States ambassador to the Kingdom of Thailand. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 29, 2010."@en .corpus130.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_positions_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama has declared his position on many political issues through his public comments and legislative record. The Obama Administration has stated that its general agenda is to \"revive the economy; provide affordable, accessible health care to all; strengthen our public education and social security systems; define a clear path to energy independence and tackle climate change; end the war in Iraq responsibly and finish our mission in Afghanistan; and work with our allies to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon.\""@en .corpus131.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri's_8th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Missouri's 8th Congressional District is one of 435 congressional districts in the United States and one of eight congressional districts in the state of Missouri. The district encompasses rural Southeast Missouri and South Central Missouri as well as some counties in Southwest Missouri. The district stretches from the Bootheel in the south to the St. Louis southern exurbs of Festus, Hillsboro, and surrounding areas in the Lead Belt; it ranges in the east to counties along the Mississippi River and in the west to counties along the Ozark Plateau near Branson.The district's largest city is Cape Girardeau. A predominantly rural district, the district votes strongly Republican for national offices. In 2004, President George W. Bush received 63% of the vote in the district over U.S. Senator John Kerry (D-Massachusetts) who clinched 36%. In 2008, U.S. Senator John McCain (R-Arizona) carried the district with 61.92% over U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-Illinois), who received 36.42%. The district increased the margin for Republicans in 2012 when former Governor Mitt Romney (R-Massachusetts) gained 65.88% of the vote over President Barack Obama's 31.99%. Jason T. Smith, a Republican, has represented the district in the US Congress since winning a special election on June 4, 2013. The incumbent Republican U.S. Representative Jo Ann Emerson resigned on January 22, 2013 to take a position as CEO for the National Rural Electrification Commission."@en .corpus131.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Elementary_School_Menteng_01> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "State Elementary School Menteng 01 (Indonesian: Sekolah Dasar Negeri (SDN) Menteng 01), also known as SDN Besuki or the Besuki school, is an Indonesian public school in Menteng, Jakarta.The school was founded in 1934 as Carpentier Alting Stichting Nassau School (CAS) by the Dutch colonial administration and was reserved for the children of the Dutch and Indonesian nobility.  The Indonesian government took over administration of the school in 1962, and it was then run by the Raden Saleh Foundation. Among its students have been children of Bambang Trihatmodjo, the son of former president Suharto, as well as the grandchildren of former vice presidents Hamzah Haz and Try Sutrisno. U.S. President Barack Obama spent four years of schooling there.  Obama's announcement of his candidacy for United States president in January, 2007 drew world-wide media attention to the school, with many media outlets sending reporters there, including The Chicago Tribune, MSNBC, and the BBC.  Nedra Pickler of the Associated Press reported: \"Those tied to the school say they are proud to have had a student like Obama, and hope that, if he is elected president, his ties to Indonesia will broaden his world perspective and his views on religion.\""@en .corpus131.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Yosses> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William \"Bill\" Yosses is the coauthor of the book Desserts For Dummies and since January 2007 the White House Executive Pastry Chef. Yosses is the successor to Thaddeus DuBois who left the same position in 2006. He served as a White House Holiday Pastry Chef for the 2006 holiday season. His most recent project has been to assist in the opening of Paul Newman's Dressing Room in Westport, Connecticut-a restaurant utilizing locally grown, artisanal and organic food sources. Other Executive Pastry Chef experience includes Josephs Citarella in New York City; planning, designing and opening the pastry department of Bouley Restaurant and Bakery and operating the pastry department of the Tavern on the Green Restaurant in New York City. Mr. Yosses was also Pastry Chef at Montrachet Restaurant in New York City.Yosses served apprenticeships in France, and also worked under Chefs Daniel Boulud and then Sous Chef Thomas Keller at Polo Restaurant in New York City. He earned his A.A.S. degree at the New York City College of Technology in Hotel Management, a Master of Arts at Rutgers University in French Language and Literature and a Bachelor of Arts at the University of Toledo in French Language.President Barack Obama says of Yosses, \"Whatever pie you like, he will make it and it will be the best pie you have ever eaten.\" Obama has also nicknamed Yosses \"the Crust Master.\"In March 2014, Yosses announced that he will resign the White House position effective June 2014. Yosses is leaving this position to work on a new project focusing on \"food literacy\" by teaching young children and adults about eating better. The New York Times lede used the hook that Michelle Obama is \"partly to blame\" for her requests to Yosses to make healthier food in smaller portions, but then went on to explain that this is because he found her to be an \"an inspiring boss\", and his new project expands on the First Lady's  Healthy Foods Initiative. He began replacing butter with fruit puree and sugar with honey and agave but he stated \"I don't want to demonize cream, butter, sugar and eggs.” Yosses called the departure \"a bittersweet decision.” In response to claims that he was leaving because of the First Lady's demands, Yosses clearly stated, \"Not at all, no. We work together on improving — making desserts more delicious and more healthy. We're partners on that project.\""@en .corpus131.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_presidential_primary_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On February 10, 2007, Barack Obama, then junior United States Senator from Illinois, announced his candidacy for the presidency of the United States in Springfield, Illinois. On June 3, 2008, he secured enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party for the 2008 presidential election. He was the first African-American in American History to be nominated by a major party. On November 4, 2008, Obama won the presidential election to become the 44th President of the United States, succeeding George W. Bush.Obama announced his candidacy at the Old State Capitol building, where Abraham Lincoln delivered his \"House Divided\" speech in 1858. Obama was the main challenger, along with John Edwards, to Democratic Party Front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton for much of 2007. His initial victory in the Iowa caucus helped bring him to national prominence from a crowded field of Democratic challengers, and his campaign began to trade a series of hard-fought state wins with expected frontunner Clinton in January, a trend that continued through Super Tuesday, in which Obama had great success in large rural states and Clinton was nearly as dominant in high-population coastal areas. Obama continued to have remarkable fundraising and electoral success in February, winning all 11 state and territorial-level contests after Super Tuesday and \"chipping away\" at Clinton's core supporters in key states. Obama won the Vermont primary, however ended up losing Ohio and Rhode Island thus losing six delegates of his lead. Obama then won the Wyoming caucus and Mississippi primary and later lost the Pennsylvania primary.After Obama won the North Carolina primary and narrowly lost the Indiana primary, superdelegates began to endorse Obama in greater numbers. Despite losing West Virginia and Kentucky by wide margins, Obama's win in Oregon gave him an absolute majority of the pledged delegates, and he maintained that majority after the full delegations of Florida and Michigan were seated at half voting strength by a May 31 Democratic National Committee ruling. After a rush of support for Obama from superdelegates on June 3, the day of the final primary contests of Montana and South Dakota, Obama was estimated to surpass the 2,118 delegates required for the Democratic nomination. On June 7, Clinton formally ended her candidacy and endorsed Obama, making him the party's presumptive nominee.On August 27, the Democratic Party of the United States nominated Barack Obama to run for the office of the President of the United States of America."@en .corpus132.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq_War_De-Escalation_Act_of_2007> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On January 30, 2007, then-U.S. Senator Barack Obama introduced the Iraq War De-Escalation Act of 2007 (S. 433). The plan would have stopped the 2007 U.S. Troop Surge of 21,500 in Iraq, and would also have begun a phased redeployment of troops from Iraq with the goal of removing all combat forces by March 31, 2008.  The bill was referred to committee and failed to become law in the 110th Congress.Obama announced the Iraq War De-Escalation Act after President Bush announced an increase in the number of troops fighting in Iraq, and after the State of the Union Address. Obama released a statement saying, \"Our troops have performed brilliantly in Iraq, but no amount of American soldiers can solve the political differences at the heart of somebody else's civil war,\" Obama said, alluding to Michael Scott Doran's essay \"Somebody Else's Civil War\" published in the Foreign Affairs journal in 2002. \"That's why I have introduced a plan to not only stop the escalation of this war, but begin a phased redeployment that can pressure the Iraqis to finally reach a political settlement and reduce the violence.\"Barack Obama has been critical of President Bush's handling of the war in Iraq, and has been an outspoken critic before the war began in 2003. The legislation proposed by Obama is similar to the plan called for in the Iraq Study Group report issued in December 2006."@en .corpus132.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Puerto_Rican_recipients_of_the_Medal_of_Honor> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Puerto Ricans and people of Puerto Rican descent have participated in every conflict in which the United States has been involved, from World War I to the Iraq War as members of the United States Armed Forces. The following nine Puerto Ricans, including those of Puerto Rican descent, have made the ultimate sacrifice and were posthumously awarded the nation's highest military decoration - the Medal of Honor. The Medal of Honor is bestowed \"for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life, above and beyond the call of duty, in actual combat against an armed enemy force.\" The medal is awarded by the President of the United States on behalf of the Congress.PFC Fernando Luis García was the first Puerto Rican and the only one who was a member of the United States Marine Corps to have been awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Korean War. The other eight were members of the United States Army and were awarded the medal for their actions during the Korean War or the Vietnam War.On March 18, 2014, President Barack Obama posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor to Félix Conde Falcón, Juan Negrón, Demensio Rivera and Miguel Vera. The total of Puerto Rican soldiers awarded the Medal of Honor increased to a total of nine."@en .corpus133.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Dunham> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stanley Ann Dunham (November 29, 1942 – November 7, 1995), the mother of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States, was an American anthropologist who specialized in economic anthropology and rural development. Dunham was known as Stanley Dunham through high school, then as Ann Dunham, Ann Obama, Ann Soetoro, Ann Sutoro (after her second divorce), and finally as Ann Dunham. Born in Wichita, Kansas, Dunham spent her childhood in California, Oklahoma, Texas and Kansas, her teenage years in Mercer Island, Washington, and most of her adult life in Hawaii and Indonesia.Dunham studied at the East–West Center and at the University of Hawaii at Manoa in Honolulu, where she attained a bachelor's in anthropology and master's and Ph.D. in anthropology. Interested in craftsmanship, weaving and the role of women in cottage industries, Dunham's research focused on women's work on the island of Java and blacksmithing in Indonesia. To address the problem of poverty in rural villages, she created microcredit programs while working as a consultant for the United States Agency for International Development. Dunham was also employed by the Ford Foundation in Jakarta and she consulted with the Asian Development Bank in Gujranwala, Pakistan. Towards the latter part of her life, she worked with Bank Rakyat Indonesia, where she helped apply her research to the largest microfinance program in the world.After her son was elected President, interest renewed in Dunham's work: The University of Hawaii held a symposium about her research; an exhibition of Dunham's Indonesian batik textile collection toured the United States; and in December 2009, Duke University Press published Surviving against the Odds: Village Industry in Indonesia, a book based on Dunham's original 1992 dissertation. Janny Scott, an author and former New York Times reporter, published a biography about Ann Dunham's life titled A Singular Woman in 2011. Posthumous interest has also led to the creation of The Ann Dunham Soetoro Endowment in the Anthropology Department at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, as well as the Ann Dunham Soetoro Graduate Fellowships, intended to fund students associated with the East–West Center (EWC) in Honolulu, Hawaii.In an interview, Barack Obama referred to his mother as \"the dominant figure in my formative years ... The values she taught me continue to be my touchstone when it comes to how I go about the world of politics.\""@en .corpus133.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/WAAV,_Inc.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "WAAV, Inc., formerly Omniwav Mobile, Inc., manufactures and sells mobile broadband cellular routers. Waav was founded by a group of Computer network, Telecom, and Radio frequency (RF) engineers in San Diego, CA in 2004. Since then, the company has pioneered mobile cellular equipment for custom car clients such as Snoop Dogg and corporate fleets including Bolt Bus (Greyhound) and Peter Pan Bus Lines. In 2008, Waav wired the commuter rail division of Boston's mass transit agency, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA), making it the first US rail carrier to offer Wi-Fi service. Other deployments have involved custom cars, first-responder police/fire vehicles and the train used by U.S. President Barack Obama during his January 2009 inaugural trip to Washington, DC.WAAV (pronounced \"Wave\") has been featured in Business 2.0, Entrepreneur Magazine, and others business outlets. The company is privately held and has its corporate headquarters in Cambridge, MA."@en .corpus133.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_W._Graber> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard W. Graber is an American lawyer from Wisconsin and Republican politician, who served as United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic from 2006-2009. He was appointed by George W. Bush on September 14, 2006. His office ended as Barack Obama became the new President of the United States on January 20, 2009. After two years, Norman L. Eisen was appointed as his successor."@en .corpus134.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Bussemaker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mariëtte (Jet) Bussemaker (born 15 January 1961 in Capelle aan den IJssel, South Holland) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA). She has been Minister for Education, Culture and Science in the second Rutte cabinet since 5 November 2012.Jet Bussemaker attended primary and secondary education in Oegstgeest. She subsequently studied at the University of Amsterdam where she graduated cum laude and obtained a MSc degree in political science (specializing in political theory). In 1993 she received her PhD degree in political and social-cultural sciences at the same university. Between 1993 and 1998 she was assistant professor of political science at the University of Amsterdam. She had been a member of the GreenLeft party during that period, but in 1995 she left it to join the Dutch Labour Party.In the 1998 elections Bussemaker was elected into the House of Representatives. She specialized in employment policy, health care and taxes. In 2000 she was co-initiator of a proposal to allow conscientious objection for working on Sundays. This proposal became law in 2002. She remained assistant professor during her membership of the House of Representatives, now at the VU University of Amsterdam.In May 2008, Bussemaker received strong criticism from MPs and fellow Cabinet members after stating for the radio that she supported 2008 American Presidential candidate Barack Obama, and that she would consider the election of his Republican competitor John McCain to be a disaster.  She did this in defiance of a ban on Cabinet members discussing foreign politics in a personal capacity, instituted earlier after Bussemaker's fellow Dutch Labour party member and Finance Minister Wouter Bos expressed a similar sympathy for Barack Obama.In January 2011 it was announced that Bussemaker would be part of the Board of the \"Hogeschool Amsterdam\" (that includes the International Business School and the Johan Cruyff University) and the University of Amsterdam,  (they share the same board), she would also be dean at the Hogeschool Amsterdam. In December 2011 Jet Bussemaker and the board received heavy criticism for apparently allowing or not being able to curb widespread diploma fraud at the Hogeschool van Amsterdam."@en .corpus134.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazid_Sabeg> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Yazid Sabeg (born 8 January 1950 in Guelma, Algeria), is the president of the administrative council of the French high-technology firm CS Communication and Systems and also a member of the French Institute of International and Strategic Relations.Born to a docker father, he moved to what was then metropolitan France in 1952, did his studies at Faidherbe Secondary School in Lille and then at the University of Paris I where he obtained a PhD in economic and social sciences.  He began his career at a subsidiary of Crédit Lyonnais Bank.  In 1990, after an experience in Spie Batignolles, he founded a financial firm thanks to which he took control of the Compagnie des Signaux, known as CS Communication et Systèmes.His success in the business world, coupled with his Maghrebian origins, have given him a lot of media coverage. Member of the Montaigne Institute, he is close to the UMP. In 2004, he published Discrimination positive, pourquoi la France ne peut y échapper (Positive discrimination, why France cannot escape from it) with his brother Yacine, a journalist.He has been nominated as the \"commissaire à l'égalité des chances\" in François Fillon government by French president Nicolas Sarkozy on December 17, 2008.Sabeg warned that France risked becoming an apartheid state unless it brings minorities into the mainstream. \"Today we are creating a rift that is leading straight to apartheid\", said Sabeg when named commissioner for diversity and equal opportunities. \"We cannot allow France to become an apartheid state\", he said in an interview to several French media as Barack Obama, the first black American to serve as US president, began his first full day in office."@en .corpus134.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Cerney> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark V. Cerney (born April 10, 1967 in San Diego, California, U.S.) is the founder of an American nonprofit organization. He is best known for creating the Next of Kin Registry (NOKR) model. His background includes graduating the St. John's Military School and serving with the US Marine Corps 1986-1993. He is married and has three children. The Next of Kin Registry became internationally known after appearing on CNN and Larry King after Hurricane Katrina. NOKR is an international free resource for the public to register emergency contact information that is only accessible to emergency agencies during times of urgent need. The organization was founded in 2004 and has been a resource used during Hurricane Katrina, 7 July 2005 London bombings, Asian Tsunami, 2012 Aurora Shooting, Hurricane Sandy and other disasters to include daily emergencies. The NOKR organization has volunteers in 47 US states and 87 countries.  NOKR is the central depository for emergency contact information in the United States. The NOKR resource is used by more than 200 million registrants.In 2005, after Hurricane Katrina, Senator Barack Obama (now President) introduced the National Next of Kin Registry to the 109th United States Congress in S.1630, The National Emergency Family Locator Act. The Next of Kin Registry was referenced in this bill as a standard for the Secretary of Homeland Security to consider in establishing the National Emergency Family Locator System.In 2006 the American Red Cross partnered with the Next of Kin Registry. The American Red Cross, along with many familiar partner agencies, such as FEMA, the United States Postal Service and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, wanted to ensure that families have a bevy of resources and options to use in order to communicate in times of disaster.In 2007 the US Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) consulted with the Next of Kin Registry in an effort to answer HR5441 (Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2007), SEC. 689c. NOKR put forth the requested solution for the National Emergency Family Registry and Locator System (NEFRLS), which was established in compliance with Congressional legislation SEC. 689c of H.R. 5441 to help family members separated after major disasters to communicate with one another.Mark serves as the President of NOKR in Washington, D.C., a non-profit public benefit resource used globally by emergency agencies to reunify families when emergencies happen or national disasters occur."@en .corpus134.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_effect> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Bradley effect (less commonly the Wilder effect) is a theory concerning observed discrepancies between voter opinion polls and election outcomes in some United States government elections where a white candidate and a non-white candidate run against each other. The theory proposes that some voters who intend to vote for the white candidate would nonetheless tell pollsters that they are undecided or likely to vote for the non-white candidate. It was named after Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley, an African-American who lost the 1982 California governor's race despite being ahead in voter polls going into the elections.The Bradley effect posits that the inaccurate polls were skewed by the phenomenon of social desirability bias. Specifically, some white voters give inaccurate polling responses for fear that, by stating their true preference, they will open themselves to criticism of racial motivation. Members of the public may feel under pressure to provide an answer that is deemed to be more publicly acceptable, or 'politically correct'. The reluctance to give accurate polling answers has sometimes extended to post-election exit polls as well. The race of the pollster conducting the interview may factor into voters' answers.Some analysts have dismissed the theory of the Bradley effect, or argued that it may have existed in past elections, but not in more recent ones, such as when Barack Obama was elected and reelected President of the United States in 2008 and 2012 respectively. Others believe that it is a persistent phenomenon. Similar effects have been posited in other contexts, for example, the Shy Tory Factor and spiral of silence."@en .corpus134.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Takeyh> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ray Takeyh, DPhil is an Iranian-American Middle East scholar, former United States Department of State official, and a Senior Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. He is also an adjunct professor at Georgetown University.Born in Tehran, Takeyh obtained his doctorate from Oxford University in 1997. Prior to joining the Council, he was a fellow in international security studies at Yale University, a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, a professor at the National War College, and a professor and director of studies at the Near East and South Asia center at the National Defense University.Takeyh has written extensively on Iran and on U.S. policy toward the Middle East. He has testified several times before various committees of the US Senate and has appeared as an Iran expert on a variety of television programs, including the PBS Newshour. In his writings and public appearances, Takeyh has tended to be skeptical about the efficacy of current U.S. efforts to deal with Iran and its nuclear program. He has characterized the regime in Tehran as an opportunistic power that is seeking to expand its influence in the region rather than as an apocalyptic threat to the world.In 2009 Takeyh served as an aide to Dennis Ross in the Barack Obama Administration focusing on Iran policy. When Ross moved from the State Department to the National Security Council staff Takeyh returned to the Council on Foreign Relations."@en .corpus134.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treaty_Room> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Treaty Room is located on the second floor of the White House, the official residence of the President of the United States. The room is a part of the first family's private apartments and is used as a study by the president.Before construction of the West Wing of the White House, working offices were located on the east side of the second floor. The Treaty Room has been used as a waiting room, a cabinet room, and the president's office.  President Andrew Johnson used the room for his cabinet meetings. Ulysses S. Grant continued this use and acquired a large Renaissance Revival style table to be used by his cabinet.  The table remained in the room for many years, and President William McKinley oversaw the signing of the peace treaty with Spain which concluded the Spanish-American War on it on August 12, 1898.Old engravings, photographs and stereographs show a succession of ornate printed wall and ceiling papers, highly figured axminster carpets, and ornate gas lighting fixtures. During the administration of Theodore Roosevelt this room was greatly simplified as a part of an overall refurbishment of the house directed by Charles Follen McKim. Victorian decoration was removed, and the underlying wood floor was exposed.  Low bookcases were constructed, and the room began use as the president's in-residence study.During the administration of Herbert Hoover, the room was used as a parlor or sitting room and was termed the Monroe Room.  James Monroe's French Empire center table was moved to the room, and a copy of the desk he signed the Monroe Doctrine upon was placed in the room.  Additional efforts were made during the administration of Franklin Delano Roosevelt to furnish the room somewhat as it might have been when the house was built. Following the Truman reconstruction of the White House, the room was furnished by the interior design department of the New York department store B. Altman and Company. Nearly all the furniture was contemporary, generally in a traditional style.During the administration of John F. Kennedy, Jacqueline Kennedy worked with Stéphane Boudin of the House of Jansen to create a room that would represent a part of the house's Victorian era history.  A palette of deep greens, burgundy and gold was adopted. President Grant's table was returned to the room along with an electrified gas chandelier once located in the East Room. The walls recreated a mid-nineteenth century treatment of ornamental frames of decorative paper based on the wallpaper in the room Abraham Lincoln was taken to and died in, in a house opposite Ford's Theater. A large gilded Rococo Revival overmantel mirror, with an American shield, which had once been hung in the Green Room was installed. Theobald Chartran's painting Signing of the Peace Protocol Between Spain and the United States, August 12, 1898 was hung in the room along with copies of several treaties signed at the White House. Drapery was based on a design of Lincoln's era. President Kennedy signed the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty in the room in 1963. Boudin's design survived into the administration of George H. W. Bush who had the room painted a light green and simple printed chintz curtains installed.During the administration of Bill Clinton interior designer Kaki Hockersmith furnished the room in a mix of late American Empire and Victorian. Walls were covered with a simulated leather of a deep claret red and a gilded chandelier with an American eagle, one of several purchased during Theodore Roosevelt's administration for the residence and West Wing, was hung.During the administration of George W. Bush, interior designer Ken Blasingame had the walls painted off-white, replaced the Clinton drapery with simple panels of olive green velvet hung on wooden poles, and replaced the Empire style chandelier with an electrified Victorian crystal gasolier. The Treaty Room has also been home to The Peacemakers, a large oil painting depicting President Lincoln in the final months of the Civil War.President Bush addressed the nation from the Treaty Room on October 7, 2001, announcing that the War in Afghanistan had begun. In his memoirs Decision Points, Bush referred to the Treaty Room as \"...one of my favorite places in the White House.\"President Barack Obama uses the Treaty Room as one of his primary working offices."@en .corpus135.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Buckles> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Frank Woodruff Buckles (born Wood Buckles, February 1, 1901 – February 27, 2011) was a United States Army soldier and the last surviving American veteran of World War I. He enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1917 and served with a detachment from Fort Riley, driving ambulances and motorcycles near the front lines in Europe.During World War II, he was captured by Japanese forces while working in the shipping business, and spent three years in the Philippines as a civilian prisoner. After the war, Buckles married in San Francisco and moved to Gap View Farm near Charles Town, West Virginia. A widower at age 98, he worked on his farm until the age of 105.In his last years, he was Honorary Chairman of the World War I Memorial Foundation. As chairman, he advocated the establishment of a World War I memorial similar to other war memorials in Washington, D.C.. Toward this end, Buckles campaigned for the District of Columbia War Memorial to be renamed the National World War I Memorial. He testified before Congress in support of this cause, and met with President George W. Bush at the White House.Buckles was awarded the World War I Victory Medal at the conclusion of that conflict, and the Army of Occupation of Germany Medal retroactively following the medal's creation in 1941, as well as the French Legion of Honor in 1999. His funeral was on March 15, 2011, at Arlington National Cemetery, with President Barack Obama paying his respects prior to the ceremony with full military honors."@en .corpus135.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Arabia–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bilateral relations between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United States of America began in 1933 when full diplomatic relations were established. Despite the differences between the two countries—an ultraconservative Islamic absolute monarchy, and a secular, democratic republic—the two countries have been allies. In recent years, the two countries have occasionally been described as having a Special Relationship with one another. U.S. presidents, George W. Bush and current president, Barack Obama have strong and close relations with senior members of the Saudi Royal Family.Since World War II, the two countries have been allied in opposition to Communism, in support of stable oil prices, stability in the oil fields and oil shipping of the Persian Gulf, and stability in the economies of Western countries where Saudi's have invested. In particular the two countries were allies against the Soviets in the Afghanistan and in the expulsion of Iraq from Kuwait in 1991. The two countries have been in opposition over the state of Israel, the embargo of US and its allies by Saudi Arabia and other Middle East oil exporters during the 1973 oil crisis which raised oil prices considerably, the 2003 invasion of Iraq by the US which Saudi Arabia opposed, aspects of the \"War on Terror\", and what many in the US see as pernicious influence of Saudi Arabia after the September 11 attacks.In a BBC World Service Poll conducted between October 2005 and January 2006, Saudi Arabian public opinion is sharply divided on the United States, with 38% viewing U.S. influence positively and 38% viewing U.S. influence negatively. As of 2012, Saudi Arabian students form the 4th largest group of international students studying in the United States, representing 3.5% of all foreigners pursuing higher education in America.  A December 2013 poll found 57% of Americans polled had an unfavorable view of Saudi Arabia and 27% favorable, the lowest favorable of 12 countries the poll inquired about."@en .corpus135.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conservapedia> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Conservapedia is an English-language wiki encyclopedia project written from a self-described American conservative and fundamentalist Christian point of view. The website was started in 2006 by homeschool teacher and attorney Andrew Schlafly, son of conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, to counter what he perceived as a liberal bias present in Wikipedia. It uses editorials and a wiki-based system to generate content.Examples of the ideology of Conservapedia include accusations against and strong criticism of US President Barack Obama, the Democratic Party, evolution, a wide array of alleged liberal ideologies, Wikipedia's supposed liberal bias, of the theory of relativity as promoting moral relativism, claiming a proven link between abortion and breast cancer, praise of a number of Republican politicians, praise of celebrities and artistic works that it views as \"conservative\" and/or promoting moral standards in line with Christian family values, and acceptance of fundamentalist Christian doctrine such as Young Earth creationism.  Conservapedia's \"Conservative Bible Project\" is a crowd-sourced translation of the Bible which Conservapedia claims will be \"free of corruption by liberal untruths\".The site has received negative reactions from the mainstream media, as well as from notable political figures, including commentators and journalists, and has been criticized for bias and inaccuracies."@en .corpus135.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCain_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The John McCain presidential campaign of 2008 began when John McCain, the senior United States Senator from Arizona, launched his second candidacy for the presidency of the United States in an unsuccessful bid to win the 2008 presidential election. His candidacy, in the works for a number of years, was informally announced on February 28, 2007 during a live taping of the Late Show with David Letterman, and formally announced on April 25, 2007. His running mate for vice president was Sarah Palin, the Governor of Alaska, announced on August 29, 2008.If McCain had won the election in 2008, he would have been the oldest person to assume the Presidency in history upon initial ascension to office at age 72, and the second-oldest president to be inaugurated. He addressed concerns about his age and past health concerns (melanoma in 2000), stating in 2005 that his health was \"excellent.\" Had he been victorious in 2008, he would also have become the first President of the United States not to be born in the current 50 states (he was born in Panama within the Panama Canal Zone which was under American control), and the first sitting U.S. Senator since John F. Kennedy to win the presidency. He would also have been the first president from Arizona. His running mate, Palin, was the first Alaskan on a nominated major-party presidential ticket, and the first woman to represent the Republican Party on a nominated presidential ticket.McCain began the campaign as the apparent frontrunner among Republicans, with a strategy of appearing as the establishment, inevitable candidate; his campaign website featured an Associated Press article describing him as \"[a] political celebrity\". He made substantial overtures towards elements of the Republican base that had resisted his 2000 insurgency campaign. However, he soon fell behind in polls and fundraising; by July 2007 his campaign was forced to restructure its size and operations. The tide of Republican sentiment against immigration reform legislation he sponsored also led to the erosion of his lead.Towards the end of 2007, McCain began a resurgence, which was capped by his January 2008 wins in the New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Florida primaries. This made him the front-runner for the Republican nomination. On Super Tuesday, McCain won both the majority of states and delegates in the Republican primaries, giving him a commanding lead toward the Republican nomination. McCain clinched a majority of the delegates and became the presumptive Republican nominee with wins in several more primaries on March 4. The following day, President George W. Bush endorsed McCain at the White House.In the general election against Democratic nominee Barack Obama, McCain trailed most of the time, only gaining a lead in national polls for a period after the Palin announcement and the 2008 Republican National Convention. The dominant issue of the campaign became the financial crisis of 2008. Unable to gain traction against Obama in presidential debates, the final stages of the campaign saw McCain criticizing Obama for being a \"redistributionist\" and adopting symbols such as Joe the Plumber. On November 4, 2008, Obama defeated McCain in the presidential election, winning with a 365–173 electoral college vote margin and a 53%–46% percent popular vote edge."@en .corpus136.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_K._Cassel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Christine K. Cassel, MD, President and CEO of the National Quality Forum, is a leading expert in geriatric medicine, medical ethics and quality of care. Previously, Dr. Cassel served as President and CEO of the American Board of Internal Medicine (ABIM) and the ABIM Foundation.Dr. Cassel is one of 20 scientists chosen by U.S. President Barack Obama to serve on the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, which advises the President in areas where an understanding of science, technology, and innovation is key to forming responsible and effective policy.  She is the co-Chair and Physician Leader of a PCAST working group that made recommendations to the President on issues relating to health information technology and ways to promote scientific innovation in drug development and evaluation.In addition to having chaired influential Institute of Medicine (IOM)  reports on end-of-life care and public health, she served on the IOM's Comparative Effective Research Committee mandated by Congress to set priorities for the national CER effort (PCORI). Modern Healthcare  has recognized Dr. Cassel among the 100 most influential people in health care, and among the 50 most influential physicians in 2013 and 2014 [1] . An active scholar and lecturer, she is the author or co-author of 14 books and more than 200 journal articles on geriatric medicine, aging, bioethics and health policy. She edited four editions of Geriatric Medicine, a leading textbook in the field. Her most recent book is Medicare Matters: What Geriatric Medicine Can Teach American Health Care.Dr. Cassel has been recognized by NIH as one of the leading women leaders in science, and was the first woman to be President of the American College of Physicians and to be Chair of the American Board of Internal Medicine.A national leader in efforts to inspire quality care, Dr. Cassel was a founding member of the Commonwealth Fund's Commission on a High Performance Health System, and served on the IOM committees that wrote the influential reports To Err is Human and Crossing the Quality Chasm. She was appointed by President Clinton to the President's Advisory Commission on Consumer Protection and Quality in the Health Care Industry in 1997. She has served on the board of the Greenwald Foundation since 1992, the board of the Kaiser Foundation Hospitals and Health Plans since 2002 and the board of the National Physician Alliance since 2006.  She also sits on the editorial board of The Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA).Dr. Cassel is also respected as a scientific leader, having served on the Advisory Committee to the NIH Director, 1995 – 2002, and as President of the American Federation for Aging Research. She is an Adjunct Professor of Medicine and Senior Fellow in the Department of Medical Ethics and Health Policy at the University of Pennsylvania School Of Medicine. Dr. Cassel's previous positions include dean of the School of Medicine and vice president for medical affairs at Oregon Health and Science University, chair of the Department of Geriatrics and Adult Development at Mount Sinai School  of Medicine in New York, and chief of General Internal Medicine at the University of Chicago.Dr. Cassel, board certified in internal medicine and geriatric medicine, is a former Chair of the ABIM Board of Directors, and is a former President of the American College of Physicians. Recipient of numerous international awards and honorary degrees, Dr. Cassel is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Colleges of Medicine of the U.K. and Canada, the European Federation of Internal Medicine, and is a Master of the American College of Physicians."@en .corpus136.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Hames> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tim Hames is Director General of the British Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (BVCA). Before joining the BVCA, Tim was a columnist and Chief Leader Writer at The Times. He occasionally writes travel pieces. He also wrote for The Tablet and the Charleston Mercury. Before joining the Times in 1999, he was a lecturer in politics at Oxford University. He attended Oriel College, Oxford. He has a doctorate in philosophy (DPhil) from the University of Oxford.Together with Andrew Adonis he wrote a \"A Conservative Revolution?\", a work looking at the rise of Thatcherism.Hames edited the Times Guide to the House of Commons in 2001 and 2005. He was mocked by the magazine Private Eye for a 2007 column entitled 'I’ve got the sauce to say it: Barack Obama is a loser' in which he made inaccurate predications about the future of American politics including saying it was \"absurd\" to say Obama would become President, and that if he won he would eat his words with Tabasco sauce.On 8 September 2009, it was announced that Hames would become Special Adviser to the Speaker of the House of Commons, John Bercow."@en .corpus136.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_T._Washington_High_School_(Memphis,_Tennessee)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Booker T. Washington High School (also known as BTW) is a public secondary school located in South Memphis. Part of the Memphis City Schools, it serves grades 9-12. The school gained national attention when U.S. President Barack Obama delivered the school's 2011 commencement address as a reward for winning the 2011 Race to the Top Commencement Challenge."@en .corpus136.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Expression_Tunnel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Free Expression Tunnel is the longest, widest, and most heavily used pedestrian tunnel under the railroad tracks at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, North Carolina (also goes under Yarbrough Drive). The special aspect of the tunnel is that anyone is permitted to decorate its walls, ceiling, and floor. The tunnel connects NCSU's North Campus with the Central Campus and provides the most direct route from the The Brickyard to the Central Campus residence halls. Clubs, fraternities, sororities, and other organizations often paint the tunnel to promote events and amateur artists paint to express themselves and to promote freedom of speech. A retaining wall just outside the tunnel's south entrance is also open for free expression. The \"service tunnel\" itself was constructed in 1939 as a Public Works Administration project. The tunnel was first painted in 1968, when it was painted red and white to celebrate the military veterans of North CarolinaFans of other universities' sports teams often come to the Free Expression Tunnel before and sometimes after big athletic events to paint the tunnel with their teams' athletic colors as part of a prank. Carolina Tar Heel fans have a long history of doing this prank as well as fans from East Carolina University.The tunnel is subject to flooding during massive torrential rains. Waters rose to a height of 60 inches after a storm in July 2003.For the Spring 2005-2006 semester, the Free Expression Tunnel was closed for repairs and the installation of handicap ramps. The tunnel reopened in the winter of 2006 with a re-dedication ceremony, which unveiled a new plaque at the tunnel's north entrance expressing the brief history of the tunnel and its purpose. Prior to the renovations, the space available for free expression was much larger at both ends.On November 5, 2008 racist, threatening graffiti directed at (then) President-elect Barack Obama was found in the tunnel. Because of the threats against Obama, the Secret Service was among those called to investigate. The four students responsible were identified, and admitted to the act, stating that it was protected by their First Amendment right to free speech; however the North Carolina chapter of the NAACP has called for their expulsion.Since February 2010, there has been an ongoing tradition of a weekly freestyle cypher, every Monday night around 11pm.  Local artists and students alike gather at the tunnel to freestyle, beatbox, sing, play instruments, recite poetry, and network.More photos of the tunnel and the free expression art can be seen at the tunnel's Facebook page:  http://www.facebook.com/FreeX.NCSUThe video below is an example of what people can do in the tunnel."@en .corpus136.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._J._Rooney> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "T.J. Rooney is the former chair of the Pennsylvania Democratic Party and a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He is a graduate of West Essex High School in North Caldwell, New Jersey. He attended Catawba College in Salisbury, North Carolina.He was first elected to represent the 133rd legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1992. He was named runner up for the 2003 Politician of the Year by the political website PoliticsPA, who noted the statewide success of the Democratic party, who won five of six statewide judicial races and helped elect Dan Onorato and re-elect John Street.He retired prior to the 2006 elections. He is currently Managing Director of the Tri State Strategies PA, L.L.C., a Pennsylvania lobbying organization.He was called a \"key player\" in winning Pennsylvania for Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election. In 2010, he was named of the \"Top 10 Democrats\" in Pennsylvania by Politics Magazine."@en .corpus137.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Shapiro> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For the Boston philanthropist, see Carl J. Shapiro; For the poet, see Karl Shapiro.Carl Shapiro (born 1955) is the Transamerica Professor of Business Strategy at the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley. He is the co-author, along with Hal Varian, of Information Rules: A Strategic Guide to the Network Economy, published by the Harvard Business School Press. On February 23, 2011, the Wall Street Journal reported that President Barack Obama intended to nominate Shapiro to his Council of Economic Advisers.Shapiro served as Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Economics in the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice (1995–1996). He is a Senior Consultant with Charles River Associates and has consulted extensively for a wide range of private clients as well as for the U.S. Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission.Shapiro is again the Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Economics of the Antitrust division of the Justice Department.Shapiro holds a BS in mathematics and a BS in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a MA in mathematics from the University of California, Berkeley, and a PhD in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.He also coined the term essential patent to cover a patent that was required to practice a given industry standard."@en .corpus137.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton_Dellinger> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hampton Dellinger is a North Carolina lawyer in the Triangle office of Robinson, Bradshaw & Hinson who was a candidate for the 2008 Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina. In his first run for elective office, he lost the Democratic primary on May 6, 2008 to Walter H. Dalton.Before running for lieutenant governor, Dellinger held state government posts under Mike Easley when the latter served as North Carolina Attorney General and later as Governor.Dellinger is the son of law professor and former Acting Solicitor General of the United States Walter Dellinger.  In 2009, Sen. Kay Hagan recommended Dellinger and two other lawyers to President Barack Obama for consideration as U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of North Carolina. Obama eventually nominated attorney Thomas G. Walker instead."@en .corpus137.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnham_Park_(Chicago)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Burnham Park is a public park in Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The park, which lies along 6 miles (9.7 km) of Lake Michigan shoreline, connects Grant Park at 14th Street to Jackson Park at 56th Street. The 598 acres (242 ha) of parkland is owned and managed by Chicago Park District. It was named for urban planner and architect Daniel Burnham in 1927.  Burnham was one of the designers of the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition.The park is an outgrowth of the 1909 Plan for Chicago developed by the park's namesake Daniel Burnham and often called simply \"The Burnham Plan\".  Land for the park has been acquired by the city's park district by a variety of means such as bequest, landfill, and barter.  Now, the park hosts some of the city's most important municipal structures, such as Soldier Field and McCormick Place.  The park has surrendered the land for the Museum Campus to Grant Park.  Recently, the park has become known as the landing site for Marine One when U.S. President Barack Obama visits his Kenwood home on Chicago's south side.In the early 20th century, Chicago businessman A. Montgomery Ward advocated that the lakefront must be publicly accessible, and remain \"forever open, clear and free\", lest the city descend into the squalor typical of American cities of the time, with buildings and heavy industry destroying any chance for beauty. Ward's influence lead to the protection of the lake shore parks system and to this day, the city's lakefront is open from the former city limits at Hollywood Ave (5700N) down to the former steel mills near Rainbow Beach (7700S)."@en .corpus138.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics_of_Pennsylvania> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Pennsylvania, like neighboring New Jersey, has swung from being a Republican-leaning state during much of the 20th century to a more competitive state in national presidential elections.  Pennsylvania has backed the Democratic presidential candidate in every election since 1992. In 2008 Obama won almost all of the Philadelphia suburbs.  Statewide, John McCain won almost three times as many counties (48) as Barack Obama (19)  but Obama won the most populous counties therefore winning the popular vote for the state and its 21 electoral votes. Philadelphia is the Democratic stronghold of the state, often delivering huge margins for the Democrats in state-wide elections.  Other urban areas, such as Pittsburgh, lean Democratic as well.  Like most states, Pennsylvania's rural areas tend to be more conservative and support Republicans.  The resulting political map of Pennsylvania is therefore a red \"T\" in the center of the state with the Pittsburgh and Philadelphia areas a strong blue. The true swing areas of the state are the suburbs of the large cities, notably Philadelphia, which change year to year.  The reason for this is the relatively moderate social and fiscal positions held by the citizens of the suburbs.It has been said that the ideal Pennsylvania candidate is a gun-supporting, pro-life, dynastic Democrat, similar to current senator Bob Casey. Pennsylvania’s former Senator, Arlen Specter, announced in April 2009 that he was switching his party affiliation from Republican to Democratic, citing the Republicans shift to the right since he was elected in 1980, though others suspected he switched because he would face a tough Republican primary election in 2010.  As it turns out, he ended up losing the Democratic primary to Representative Joe Sestak. Congressman Sestak narrowly lost the general election to Pat Toomey in November 2010 returning the Senate seat to Republicans.On the state level, Pennsylvania has been a traditionally liberal Republican state, with a dominant state Republican Party that is much more oriented towards social spending than more conservative state Republican Parties in other regions of the United States.  However, the recent Democratic trend in Pennsylvania has affected state politics, and the Democrats controlled the governor's mansion for two terms under Governor Ed Rendell. After losing the governorship for four years under Tom Corbett from 2011 to 2015, Democratic Governor Tom Wolf defeated Corbett's re-election bid in 2014."@en .corpus138.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Woods> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sylvia Woods (February 2, 1926 – July 19, 2012) was an American restaurateur who co-founded the landmark restaurant Sylvia's in Harlem on Lenox Avenue, New York City with her husband, Herbert Woods, in 1962. The soul food eatery is a popular gathering place for Harlem residents and tourists not far from the Apollo Theater.Sylvia was born to Julia and Van Pressley in Hemingway, South Carolina. Her father, Van Pressley, died when she was just three days old from complications of injuries he received during combat in World War I. By April 10, 1930, she had lived in Williamsburg County, South Carolina, with her grandmother Sylvia Johnson, the woman she was named after. Johnson had worked as a farmer, a trade that Pressley would get into when she got a little older. Research of Sylvia's ancestry is being conducted by Yonkers, New York resident Dennis Richmond Jr. In 1930, Sylvia's mother took the rest of her family to New York when  so she could better provide for her family, leaving her grandmother, Sylvia Johnson to raise three year old Sylvia. Woods met her future husband, Herbert, in a bean field when she was 11 years old and he was 12. They married in 1944 after he followed her to New York.  They had four children together: Van, Bedelia, Kenneth, and Crizette. Woods graduated from high school in her hometown of Hemingway, South Carolina. She trained to become a beautician in New York, and also ran a beauty shop in South Carolina. Woods also worked in a hat factory, and as a waitress at a restaurant called Johnson’s Luncheonette in Harlem from 1954 to 1962. Woods worked at Johnson's for about seven or eight years. When the owner wanted to sell, he offered the place to Woods for $20,000.During the early 1990s, the business expanded and now seats up to 450 people. It also has a catering business. Organized and started by her son Van in 1992, Sylvia came out with her own line of soul food products that are sold nationally. Woods' products include many of her special sauces, vegetables, spices, syrup, and cornbread and pancake mixes. Woods produced two cookbooks: Sylvia’s Soul Food Cookbook, published in 1992; and Sylvia’s Family Soul Food Cookbook, published in 1999, both by William Morrow and Company. The restaurant remains owned and operated by the Woods family. In August 2011, they celebrated 50 years in Harlem. Guests have included Quincy Jones, Diana Ross, Muhammad Ali, Bill Clinton, Robert F. Kennedy, and President Barack Obama. Sylvia Woods stepped down from the day-to-day operations of the restaurant when she was 80 years old. Sylvia's is currently owned and operated by her children and grandchildren.  Her husband Herbert predeceased her, dying in 2001.Woods died on July 19, 2012, at her home in Mount Vernon, New York, at the age of 86. She had suffered from Alzheimer's disease for several years."@en .corpus138.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Smith_(politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark D. Smith (born January 5, 1952) is the Minority Leader of the Iowa House of Representatives and the Iowa State Representative from the 43rd District. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 2001 to 2003 in the 64th District and since 2003 in the 43rd District.  He received his BS from Graceland College and his MSW from the University of Iowa.  He is employed by the Substance Abuse Treatment Unit of Central Iowa (SATUCI) as the Director of Special Projects and is an adjunct instructor of Social Work for the University of Iowa.[1]As of October 2011, Smith serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Administration and Rules, Environmental Protection, Ethics, Human Resources, and Judiciary committees.  He also serves on the Commission on Tobacco User Prevention and Control and on the Iowa Comprehensive Health Insurance Board.  His prior political experience includes serving on the Osceola City Council from 1981 to 1983.On October 17, 2007, Smith endorsed Barack Obama for President. [2]"@en .corpus138.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary_1984> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hillary 1984 is the title of the viral video that combines the footage of the 2008 presidential campaign web announcement by Hillary Clinton with the 1984 Super Bowl commercial by Apple Inc. for the launch of Macintosh. The video shows the same blond female athlete from the 1984 Super Bowl commercial updated with an iPod. The Big Brother image that she throws the sledgehammer at is replaced with Hillary Clinton announcing that she is running for president. It ends with the original text replaced with, \"On Jan. 14, the Democratic primary will begin. And you'll see why 2008 won't be like 1984.\" The Apple symbol is a morphed into an \"O\", which is followed by a logo for Barack Obama's presidential campaign website. Barack Obama's presidential spokesman Bill Burton has said \"Hillary 1984\" was not created by the Obama campaign. \"It's somebody else's creation,\" he said.Phillip de Vellis later admitted to creating the video and resigned from his position at Blue State Digital."@en .corpus138.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_30> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Super 30 is an Indian educational program that started in Patna, Bihar, India under the banner of 'Ramanujan School of Mathematics', by Anand Kumar. Established in 2002, the program selects 30 meritorious and talented candidates each year from economically backward sections of society and trains them for the IIT-JEE, the entrance examination for Indian Institute of Technology. Time Magazine has selected mathematician Anand Kumar's school - Super 30 - in the list of Best of Asia 2010.,Super 30 received praise from United States President Barack Obama's special envoy Rashad Hussain, who termed it the “best” institute in the country. Newsweek Magazine has taken note of the initiative of mathematician Anand Kumar’s Super 30 and included his school in the list of four most innovative schools in the world. Anand Kumar has been awarded the Maulana Abdul Kalam Azad Shiksha Puraskar, the highest award by the Government of Bihar in November 2010."@en .corpus138.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_R._Clapper> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Robert Clapper, Jr. (born March 14, 1941) is a retired lieutenant general in the United States Air Force and is currently the Director of National Intelligence. He served as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) from 1992 until 1995. He was the first Director of Defense Intelligence within the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and simultaneously the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. Clapper has held several key positions within the United States Intelligence Community. He served as the director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) from September 2001 until June 2006.On June 5, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Clapper to replace Dennis C. Blair as United States Director of National Intelligence. Clapper was unanimously confirmed by the Senate for the position on August 5, 2010.Two U.S. representatives accused Clapper of perjury for telling a Congressional committee in March 2013, that the NSA does not collect any type of data at all on millions of Americans. One senator asked for his resignation, and a group of 26 senators complained about Clapper's responses under questioning. Media observers have described Clapper as having lied under oath, having obstructed justice, and having given false testimony."@en .corpus139.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocco_Landesman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rocco Landesman (born July 20, 1947)  has been a long-time Broadway theatre producer.  He served as chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts (\"NEA\") from August 2009 to December 2012. The NEA is a public agency of the Federal Government with an annual budget ($155 million for 2009) that is directed into grants to support excellence in the arts, bring arts to all Americans and provide leadership in arts education. He is part owner of Jujamcyn Theaters, but he was a passive owner while serving in Washington.  Landesman was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri, studied at Colby College in Waterville, Maine and The University of Wisconsin, and earned a doctorate in Dramatic Literature at the Yale School of Drama.  At the Yale School of Drama he would become a protégé and friend of Robert Brustein.  At the completion of his course work he stayed at Yale for 4 years as an Assistant Professor.  While at Yale, Landesman got to know novelist Jerzy Kosinski and he worked with Kosinski on two of his novels, Being There and The Devil Tree.  Landesman was involved as an editor, helping Kosinski, not a native speaker of English, with his English syntax and writing.  While at Yale Landesman was also involved in managing a private mutual fund and a racehorse he had bought.  In 1977 he left to focus more time on his private investment fund, which he ran for many years.  He also got involved in Broadway theater and he was heavily involved in the genesis and development of \"Big River\" (1985 Tony, Best Musical), a musical based on Huckleberry Finn.  Landesman's involvement included persuading Roger Miller to write the music for the show.  The show ultimately won seven Tonys and ran for over 1,000 performances on Broadway over two and a half years.  This success attracted the attention of James H. Binger who shared two passions with Landesman: Broadway theater and horseracing.  Binger owned the Jujamcyn Theatre group of five theatres, four of which were then dark.  Binger and Landesman made a deal for Landesman to become President of Jujamcyn in 1987 with the inclusion of an option for Landesman to purchase Jujamcyn upon Binger's death.  After taking the helm at Jujamcyn he shifted its business model away from the historical focus of renting of theatre facilities to shows and into a more active posture as a combination of a theater owner and a developer of new plays.  Other theater owners have followed this pattern.  After joining Jujamcyn Landesman has produced Broadway shows, the most notable of which include: \"Angels In America\" (1993 and 1994 Tony, Best Play), and \"The Producers\" (2001 Tony, Best Musical). Landesman purchased Jujamcyn in 2005 and later sold a 50% interest to Jordan Roth.Rocco Landesman's biggest passions are theater, baseball, horse racing and country music.  On any given day he will insist that one of these is the perfect expression of American culture.  His company, Jujamcyn Theaters, owns 5 Broadway theaters, and at one time or another Mr. Landesman has owned 3 minor league baseball teams, various racehorses and a collection of Roger Miller long playing records.  As for baseball, growing up in St. Louis he naturally followed the St. Louis Cardinals and later in life he became a part owner of the Kenosha Twins (later the Fort Wayne Wizards).  His career has been a hybrid of commercial, philanthropic, and purely artistic engagements. He has continued his relationship with the Yale School of Drama and Yale Rep, returning to teach there over the years.  He has been active on numerous boards, including the Municipal Art Society, the Times Square Alliance, and The Educational Foundation of America.  Landesman has also spoken at forums and written numerous articles (mostly in the New York Times arts section), focusing mainly on the problematic relationship between the commercial and not-for-profit sectors of the American theater.In May 2009 U.S. President Barack Obama nominated Landesman to become the next chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts. His appointment was confirmed in August, 2009.In June 2013 Rocco Landesman was induced into the St. Louis Walk of Fame.Landesman is married to Debby (Busch) Landesman, formerly the Executive Director of the Levi Strauss Foundation and currently a philanthropic advisor to corporations and foundations.  Landesman was previously married to set designer Heidi (Landesman) Ettinger, and they have three sons: North, Nash and Dodge, all of whom currently live and work in New York."@en .corpus139.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elesha_Gayman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Elesha Gayman is the former Iowa State Representative from the 84th District. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2007.  Gayman serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Agriculture committee; the Appropriations committee; the Education committee; and the Public Safety committee.  She is vice-chair of the Health and Human Services Appropriations Subcommittee.  Miss Gayman is a 1997 graduate of Davenport West High School, attended St. Ambrose University, spent a semester of her sophomore year at Loyola University’s Rome Center in Italy, earned a BA (political science) from the University of Iowa in 2001, and an MPA from Drake University through the Quad Cities Graduate Center in 2007.She  was a delegate to the 2004 Democratic National Convention and campaign manager (for four northeast Iowa counties) in John Kerry's President Campaign in 2004.  She was a staffer for State Sen. Brian Schoenjahn, and an intern for State Sen. Pat Deluhery.  When she was 13 she went to Davenport's city hall and argued against the youth curfew.  In the United States presidential election, 2008, she was Eastern Iowa Political Director for Barack Obama’s Presidential Caucus Campaign.Gayman was elected in 2006 with 5,429 votes (50%), defeating Republican incumbent Jim Van Fossen. She was re-elected in 2008."@en .corpus139.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrin_Wehrheim> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Katrin Wehrheim (born 1974) is an Associate Professor of Mathematics in the UC Berkeley Mathematics Department. Her research centers around symplectic topology and gauge theory.  She is well known for her work on pseudoholomorphic quilts.   She attended graduate school at ETH Zürich; her PhD thesis in mathematics won the ETH medal in 2002. She was an instructor at Princeton University and member of the Institute for Advanced Study before taking a tenure track position at MIT.In 2010 she received the Presidential Career Award PECASE from Barack Obama in a ceremony at the White House. In 2012 she became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society."@en .corpus139.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Banneker_Academic_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Benjamin Banneker Academic High School is a magnet high school located in Washington, D.C., that was originally built to serve as a neighborhood Junior High School. The school's name commemorates Benjamin Banneker, an African-American scientist, surveyor, almanac author and farmer.  In 1980 the school was converted to a magnet high school for academics.  The school is colloquially referred to by students and faculty as \"Banneker.\"  Some people consider it to be the top high school in the District of Columbia Public Schools, and one of the best in the region, because of its strenuous curriculum and Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate programs.Banneker is located across the street from Howard University, to which it has strong ties. The school draws students from all parts of the city. Any student interested in applying must follow an entrance procedure, involving a multiple choice test, a written essay, an interview, recommendation(s), and a report of the applicant's standardized test scores and grades from previous years.The school's current enrollment is approximately 386 students spanning from grades 9 through 12, and the current principal is Anita M. Berger. Benjamin Banneker Academic High School is one of the many IB Diploma Programme world schools, however, is currently the only high school in Washington, D.C. with the IB Programme available. Banneker AHS was ranked 46th in Newsweek Magazine's 2007 Top 1,000 High Schools.The school had the honor of hosting President Barack Obama for the yearly \"Back To School\" speech in September 2011."@en .corpus14.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Schlossberg> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edwin Arthur \"Ed\" Schlossberg (born July 19, 1945), founder and principal of ESI Design, is an American designer, author, and artist. He specializes in designing interactive, participatory experiences, beginning in 1977 with the first hands-on learning environment in the US for the Brooklyn Children's Museum. Schlossberg continues to work in the field and publishes frequently on the subject. He is the husband of Caroline Kennedy and the son-in-law of the late John F. Kennedy and Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. He has written nine published books including \"Einstein and Beckett\", and \"Interactive Excellence\". His art work has been presented in many one man shows and museum exhibits. In 2011 he was appointed to the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus14.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Kushner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anthony Robert \"Tony\" Kushner (born July 16, 1956) is an American playwright and screenwriter. He received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1993 for his play Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes. He co-authored with Eric Roth the screenplay for the 2005 film Munich, and he wrote the screenplay for the 2012 film Lincoln, both critically acclaimed movies. For his work, he received a National Medal of Arts from President Barack Obama in 2013."@en .corpus14.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Hagel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles Timothy \"Chuck\" Hagel (/ˈtʃʌk ˈheɪɡəl/ CHUK HAY-gəl; born October 4, 1946) is an American politician who is the 24th  United States Secretary of Defense. He served as United States Senator from Nebraska from 1997 to 2009.  On November 24, 2014, the White House announced that Hagel had tendered his resignation from his position as Secretary of Defense, effective as soon as the Senate confirms his replacement. Hagel did not refute rumors that Obama asked for his resignation, but he explicitly contends that it was a \"mutual decision\" between him and President Obama. Senator John McCain offered his own insight: Hagel was frustrated with the White House decision-making process, national security policy, and \"excessive micromanagement\" within the White House. On December 5, 2014, President Barack Obama nominated Ashton Carter as Hagel's replacement, pending confirmation by the Senate.A recipient of two Purple Hearts while an infantry squad leader in the Vietnam War, Hagel returned home to start careers in business and politics. He co-founded Vanguard Cellular, the primary source of his personal wealth, and served as president of the McCarthy Group, an investment banking firm, and CEO of American Information Systems Inc., a computerized voting machine manufacturer. A member of the Republican Party, Hagel was first elected to the United States Senate in 1996. He was reelected in 2002, but did not run in 2008.On January 7, 2013, President Barack Obama nominated Hagel to serve as Secretary of Defense. On February 12, 2013, the Senate Armed Services Committee approved Hagel's nomination by a vote of 14-11. On February 14, 2013, Senate Republicans denied Democrats the 60 votes needed to end the debate on Hagel's nomination and proceed to a final vote, citing the need for further review.  It was the first time in American history that a nominee for Secretary of Defense was filibustered, although candidates for other cabinet offices have been filibustered before. On February 26, 2013, the Senate voted for cloture on Hagel's nomination and confirmed his nomination by a vote of 58-41. He took office on February 27, 2013, as his predecessor Leon Panetta stepped down.Hagel previously served as a professor at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University, chairman of the Atlantic Council, and co-chairman of the President's Intelligence Advisory Board. Before his appointment as Secretary of Defense, Hagel served on a number of boards of directors, including that of Chevron Corporation.On November 24, 2014, it was announced that Hagel would resign the position of Secretary of Defense due to job stress and decisions on ISIS/ISIL."@en .corpus14.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incumbent> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The incumbent, in politics, is the current holder of a political office. This term is usually used in reference to elections, in which races can often be defined as being between an incumbent and non-incumbent(s). For example, in the 2012 United States presidential election, Barack Obama was the incumbent, because he had been the president in the previous term while the election sought to determine the president for the current term. A race without an incumbent is referred to as an open seat."@en .corpus14.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Gregg> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Judd Alan Gregg (born February 14, 1947) served as the 76th Governor of New Hampshire and was a United States Senator from New Hampshire, who served as chairman of the Senate Budget Committee. He is a member of the Republican Party and was a businessman and attorney in Nashua before entering politics. He currently serves as the Chair of the Public Advisory Board at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College. Gregg was nominated for Secretary of Commerce in the Cabinet by President Barack Obama, but withdrew his name on February 12, 2009. He would have been up for re-election in 2010, but chose not to run.  In the November 2010 elections, former State Attorney General Kelly Ayotte, also a Republican, was elected to succeed Gregg in the Senate. On May 27, 2011, Goldman Sachs announced that Gregg had been named an international advisor to the firm. In May 2013, Gregg was named the CEO of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, a Wall Street lobbying group. He later stepped down as CEO in December of 2013 and became a senior adviser"@en .corpus14.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Sessions> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jefferson Beauregard \"Jeff\" Sessions III (born December 24, 1946) is the junior United States Senator from Alabama. First elected in 1996, Sessions is a member of the Republican Party.From 1981 to 1993 he served as U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama. President Ronald Reagan nominated him to a judgeship on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Alabama in 1986, but he was not confirmed. Sessions was elected to Attorney General of Alabama in 1994. He was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1996 and easily re-elected in 2002 and 2008. He and his colleague Richard Shelby are the state's first two-term Republican Senators since Reconstruction.Sessions was ranked by National Journal in 2007 as the fifth-most conservative U.S. Senator, siding strongly with the Republican Party on political issues. He supported the major legislative efforts of the George W. Bush administration, including the 2001 and 2003 tax cut packages, the Iraq War, and a proposed national amendment to ban same-sex marriage. However, he was one of 25 senators to oppose the establishment of TARP. He has opposed the Democratic leadership since 2007 on most major legislation, including the stimulus bill, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and the Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repeal Act. As the ranking Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee, he opposed both of President Barack Obama's nominees for the Supreme Court."@en .corpus14.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Remnick> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Remnick (born October 29, 1958) is an American journalist, writer, and magazine editor. He won a Pulitzer Prize in 1994 for his book Lenin’s Tomb: The Last Days of the Soviet Empire. Remnick has been editor of The New Yorker magazine since 1998. He was named Editor of the Year by Advertising Age in 2000. Before joining The New Yorker, Remnick was a reporter and the Moscow correspondent for The Washington Post. He has also served on the New York Public Library’s board of trustees. In 2010 he published his sixth book, The Bridge: The Life and Rise of Barack Obama."@en .corpus14.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Reform_Party> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American Reform Party is a minor political action committee in the United States that was formed in a factional split from the larger Reform Party of the United States in October 1997. The split occurred when some members of the Reform Party, believing that party founder Ross Perot had rigged the party's 1996 presidential nomination for himself, walked out of the national convention.Then Chairman Roy Downing said the split came about when it was \"discovered [the Reform Party] was a top down party instead of a bottoms up organization.\" Although members of the group attempted to persuade former Colorado Governor Dick Lamm, Perot's chief rival for the nomination, to run for president as an Independent, he declined, pointing out that he had promised before running that he would not challenge the party's decision.Since then, the ARP has yet to organize in more than a few states.  In the 2000, 2004, and 2008 elections, the American Reform Party supported Ralph Nader for president.In New York State, the Integrity Party is an American Reform Party affiliate. The group, led by Darren Johnson, used the state's fusion election system in cross-endorsing a Democratic sheriff candidate, Vincent Demarco, in Suffolk County, helping him narrowly win election. The party has also run a host of other candidates and attempted to go statewide in 2006, fielding Phoebe Legere as a candidate in the 2006 New York gubernatorial election. Legere and the party did not qualify for the November ballot.The American Reform Party is not a political party in the conventional sense. It does not have ballot access in any state, and it does not run candidates. It supports third party candidates and independents.The Reform Party of Northern Mariana Islands is an affiliate of the American Reform Party.In recent years, the party has shifted from a relatively centrist platform to a Tea Party-style economic liberal and fiscal conservative one.In the 2012 presidential election, the ARP endorsed Republican Party nominee Mitt Romney against incumbent president Barack Obama."@en .corpus14.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dingell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John David Dingell, Jr. (born July 8, 1926) is an American politician who was a member of the United States House of Representatives from December 13, 1955, until January 3, 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He represented Michigan throughout his congressional tenure and most recently served as the representative for Michigan's 12th congressional district.Having served for over 59 years, he has the longest uninterrupted Congressional tenure in U.S. history. He was also the longest-serving Dean of the U.S. House of Representatives and the Dean of the Michigan congressional delegation. Dingell is one of the final two World War II veterans to have served in Congress; the other is Texas Congressman Ralph Hall, who also left Congress in 2015.  Dingell was a long-time member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and chaired the committee over multiple Congresses.Dingell announced on February 24, 2014 that he would not seek re-election to a 30th term in Congress. His wife, Deborah Dingell, indicated that she planned to run to succeed her husband. She won the November 4, 2014, general election, defeating Republican Terry Bowman, and succeeded him in the 114th Congress.President Barack Obama awarded him the 2014 Presidential Medal of Freedom."@en .corpus140.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/PoliticalBetting.com> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "PoliticalBetting.com is one of Britain's political blogs. Run by Mike Smithson, a former BBC News journalist, Liberal Democrats councillor and general election candidate, the site began in March 2004.Unlike many other British political blogs, politicalbetting asserts itself to be non-partisan, although Smithson himself is a Liberal Democrat. As the site's name suggests, the focus is on political betting opportunities, but the focus is rather broader, in the sense that political issues of the day have an impact on the various betting markets. The site has a particular focus on opinion polls, and in general is more concerned with the technical aspects of politics than most other blogs.The site has attracted a large number of people leaving comments, with up to three posts a day (mostly written by Smithson) typically seeing several hundred comments, many of whom have no interest or knowledge of political betting but follow the site for its coverage of the fortunes and likely electoral success of political parties in Britain. Comments often have no relation to the subject of the main post but may continue discussions from earlier posts.  On an average day the volume of comments exceeds 30,000 words. People posting comments include MPs John Hemming and Stewart Jackson and the former MP Nick Palmer.The site sticks almost entirely to British and American politics, with an occasional mention of Australian and Japanese elections, and major elections in other European and Commonwealth countries.Smithson has made some notable betting recommendations, including, in March 2005, backing then-Senator Barack Obama to win the 2008 US Presidential Election at odds of 50-1.The success of the site has led Smithson to publish a book, The Political Punter, a guide to betting on politics."@en .corpus140.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renewable_energy_commercialization> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Renewable energy commercialization involves the deployment of three generations of renewable energy technologies dating back more than 100 years.  First-generation technologies, which are already mature and economically competitive, include biomass, hydroelectricity, geothermal power and heat.  Second-generation technologies are market-ready and are being deployed at the present time; they include solar heating, photovoltaics, wind power, solar thermal power stations, and modern forms of bioenergy.  Third-generation technologies require continued R&D efforts in order to make large contributions on a global scale and include advanced biomass gasification, hot-dry-rock geothermal power, and ocean energy. As of 2012, renewable energy accounts for about half of new nameplate electrical capacity installed and costs are continuing to fall.Public policy and political leadership helps to \"level the playing field\" and drive the wider acceptance of renewable energy technologies. Countries such as Germany, Denmark, and Spain have led the way in implementing innovative policies which has driven most of the growth over the past decade. As of 2014, Germany has a commitment to the \"Energiewende\" transition to a sustainable energy economy, and Denmark has a commitment to 100% renewable energy by 2050. There are now 144 countries with renewable energy policy targets.Total investment in renewable energy (including small hydro-electric projects) was $244 billion in 2012, down 12% from 2011 mainly due to dramatically lower solar prices and weakened US and EU markets. As a share of total investment in power plants, wind and solar PV grew from 14% in 2000 to over 60% in 2012. The top countries for investment in recent years were China, Germany, Spain, the United States, Italy, and Brazil. Renewable energy companies include BrightSource Energy, First Solar, Gamesa, GE Energy, Goldwind, Sinovel, Trina Solar, Vestas and Yingli.Climate change concerns are driving increasing growth in the renewable energy industries. According to a 2011 projection by the (IEA) International Energy Agency, solar power generators may produce most of the world's electricity within 50 years, reducing harmful greenhouse gas emissions.In his 2012 State of the Union address, President Barack Obama restated his commitment to renewable energy and mentioned the long-standing Interior Department commitment to permit 10,000 MW of renewable energy projects on public land in 2012. Globally, there are an estimated 3 million direct jobs in renewable energy industries, with about half of them in the biofuels industry."@en .corpus140.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edwards_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Edwards is the former United States Senator from North Carolina and was the Democratic nominee for Vice President in 2004. On December 28, 2006, he announced his entry into the 2008 Presidential election in the city of New Orleans near sites devastated by Hurricane Katrina. On January 30, 2008, Edwards returned to New Orleans to announce that he was suspending his campaign for the Presidency. On May 14, 2008, he endorsed Barack Obama at a campaign event in Grand Rapids, Michigan."@en .corpus140.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_D._Simpson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brooks Donohue Simpson, an American historian, is ASU Foundation Professor of History at Arizona State University.  He was born August 4, 1957, in Freeport, New York.  Educated at the Phillips Exeter Academy, he graduated in 1975; four years later he graduated from the University of Virginia. Receiving his M.A. in history at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1982, he earned his Ph.D. in 1989.After working three years as an assistant editor for The Papers of Andrew Johnson, based at the University of Tennessee-Knoxville, Simpson joined the faculty at Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina, in 1987.  Three years later, in 1990, he migrated west to Arizona State University, where he presently teaches. Currently he divides his time between Barrett, The Honors College at ASU and the College of Letters and Sciences.Simpson is the author of six books, the coauthor of two more, and the editor or coeditor of eight other books.  He is perhaps best known for his work on Ulysses S. Grant.  Ulysses S. Grant: Triumph over Adversity, 1822-1865, published by Houghton Mifflin in 2000, was a New York Times Notable Book and a Choice Outstanding Academic Title for that year [1].  He has appeared several times on C-SPAN, speaking on Henry Adams [2] and Grant [3], as well as on PBS's American Experience [4].  In 2009 the U. S. State Department asked him to travel to Turkey for two weeks to lecture on Abraham Lincoln and Barack Obama in historical context.  After serving four years as one of the contributors to the prize-winning \"Civil Warriors\" blog, [5] in late 2010 Simpson started his own blog, \"Crossroads.\" [6]"@en .corpus140.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Perez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Thomas Edward Perez (born October 7, 1961) is an American politician, consumer advocate, and civil rights lawyer who is the current United States Secretary of Labor. A member of the Democratic Party, Perez has served as the Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division of the United States Department of Justice.Born in Buffalo, New York, Perez is a graduate of Brown University and Harvard Law School. Perez worked as a law clerk for the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado before working in the Department of Justice from 1989 to 1995, where he worked as a federal prosecutor, and as Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights under Attorney General Janet Reno. He worked as a Special Counselor for Senator Ted Kennedy until 1998 when he served as the Director of the Office for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in the final years of the Clinton administration.Perez was then elected to the Montgomery County (Maryland) Council in 2002, serving as the council's president from 2005, until the end of his tenure in 2006. After a failed campaign for the Democratic nomination for Attorney General of Maryland, Perez was appointed by Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley to serve as Secretary of the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation in January 2007, until his October 2009 confirmation by the United States Senate as Assistant Attorney General.On March 18, 2013, Perez was nominated by President Barack Obama to be the United States Secretary of Labor, replacing outgoing Secretary Hilda Solis. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 18 and sworn in on July 23, 2013."@en .corpus141.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianna_Smoot> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Julianna Smoot is a political fundraiser for the Democratic Party. She was a Deputy Manager of Barack Obama's 2012 presidential reelection campaign, having previously served as White House Social Secretary, Deputy Assistant to the President. and Chief of Staff to United States Trade Representative Ron Kirk.  Smoot previously served as a professional fundraiser for the Democratic Party. She was the national finance director for  Obama's 2008 presidential campaign; under her direction, the campaign raised $32.5 million during the second quarter of 2007 and by election day, more money than any campaign in American history. She was named Social Secretary after her predecessor, Desirée Rogers resigned on February 26, 2010."@en .corpus141.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Cutter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stephanie Cutter (born October 22, 1968) is an American political consultant.  She served as Deputy Campaign Manager for President Barack Obama's 2012 reelection campaign, and has previously worked in campaign and communications roles for other Democrats including Ted Kennedy, John Kerry and Michelle Obama. The New York Times described her as  \"a popular but polarizing face of (Obama's) campaign\", and a \"soldier who says the things the candidate can’t (or won’t) say.\""@en .corpus141.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Records_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Presidential Records Act (PRA) of 1978, 44 U.S.C. §§ 2201–2207, is an Act of Congress of the United States governing the official records of Presidents and Vice Presidents created or received after January 20, 1981, and mandating the preservation of all presidential records. The PRA changed the legal ownership of the official records of the President from private to public, and established a new statutory structure under which Presidents must manage their records. Specifically, the Presidential Records Act: Defines and states public ownership of the records. Places the responsibility for the custody and management of incumbent Presidential records with the President. Allows the incumbent President to dispose of records that no longer have administrative, historical, informational, or evidentiary value, once he has obtained the views of the Archivist of the United States on the proposed disposal. Requires that the President and his staff take all practical steps to file personal records separately from Presidential records. Establishes a process for restriction and public access to these records. Specifically, the PRA allows for public access to Presidential records through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) beginning five years after the end of the Administration, but allows the President to invoke as many as six specific restrictions to public access for up to twelve years. The PRA also establishes procedures for Congress, courts, and subsequent administrations to obtain special access to records that remain closed to the public, following a 30‑day notice period to the former and current Presidents. Requires that Vice-Presidential records are to be treated in the same way as Presidential records.Since its passage, presidents have used various methods to avoid complying with the Act, including holding meetings away from the White House and \"using non-government email accounts with lobbyists\". Executive Order 12667 - Issued by President Reagan in January 1989, this executive order established the procedures for NARA and former and incumbent Presidents to implement the PRA. Executive Order 13233 - This executive order, issued by President George W. Bush on November 1, 2001, supersedes the previous executive order. The Bush executive order also includes the documents of former Vice Presidents. Executive Order 13489 - Issued by President Barack Obama on January 21, 2009, restored the implementation of the PRA of 1978 as practiced under President Reagan's Executive Order 12667 and revoked President Bush's Executive Order 13233.↑"@en .corpus141.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Library_of_Congress_Classification:Class_E_--_History_of_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Class E: History of America is a classification used by the Library of Congress classification system. This article outlines the structure of Class E.E11-143..........America11-29..........General29..........Elements in the population31-49.2..........North America51-73..........Pre-Columbian America. The Indians75-99..........Indians of North America81-83..........Indian wars99..........Indian tribes and cultures101-135..........Discovery of America and early explorations103-110..........Pre-Columbian period111-120..........Columbus121-135..........Post-Columbian period. El Dorado141-143..........Descriptive accounts of America. Earliest to 1810151-904..........United States151-169.12..........General171-183.9..........History171-180..........General173..........Sources and documents175-175.7..........Historiography176-176.8..........Biography179.5..........Historical geography181..........Military history182..........Naval history183-183.3..........Political history183.7-183.9..........Diplomatic history. Foreign and general relations.183.8..........Relations with individual countries184-185.98..........Elements in the population184.5-185.98..........Afro-Americans185.2-185.89..........Status and development since emancipation185.96-185.98..........Biography. Genealogy186-199..........Colonial history (1607-1775)186-189..........General191-199..........By period191..........1607-1689195-199..........1689-1775196..........King William's War, 1689-1697197..........Queen Anne's War, 1702-1713198..........King George's War, 1744-1748199..........French and Indian War, 1755-1763201-298..........The Revolution, 1775-1783300-453..........Revolution to the Civil War, 1775/1783-1861300-302.6..........General302..........Collected works of American statesmen302.1..........Political history302.5-302.6..........Biography (Late eighteenth century)303-440.5..........By period303-309..........1775-1789. The Confederation, 1783-1789310-337..........1789-1809. Constitutional period310.7..........Diplomatic history. Foreign and general relations311-320..........Washington's administrations, 1789-1797321-330..........John Adams' administration, 1797-1801323..........Troubles with France, 1796-1800331-337..........Jefferson's administrations, 1801-1809333..........Purchase of Louisiana, 1803335..........War with Tripoli, 1801-1805336-336.5..........Neutral trade and its restrictions, 1800-1810337.5..........Nineteenth century (General)337.8-400..........Early nineteenth century, 1801/1809-1845337.8-340..........General337.8..........Collected works of American statesmen339-340..........Biography341-370..........Madison's administrations, 1809-1817351.5-364.9..........War of 1812365..........War with Algeria, 1815371-375..........Monroe's administrations, 1817-1825373..........Missouri Compromise, 1820374..........Diplomatic history. Foreign relations376-380..........John Quincy Adams' administration, 1825-1829381-385..........Jackson's administrations, 1829-1837384.3..........Nullification386-390..........Van Buren's administration, 1837-1841391-392..........William H. Harrison's administration, March 4-April 4, 1841396-400..........Tyler's administration, April 4, 1841-1845398..........Northeastern boundary disputes, 1783-1845401-415.2..........Mexican-American War, 1846-1848408..........Mexican cessions of 1848415.6-440.5..........Middle nineteenth century, 1845/1848-1861415.6-415.9..........General415.6..........Collected works of American statesmen415.8-415.9..........Biography416-420..........Polk's administration, 1845-1849421-423..........Taylor's administiration, 1849-July 9, 1850423..........Slavery question, 1849-1853426-430..........Fillmore's administration, July 9, 1850-1853431-435..........Pierce's administration, 1853-1857433..........Slavery question, 1853-1857436-440.5..........Buchanan's administration, 1857-1861438..........Slavery question, 1857-1861440.5..........State of the country, November 1860-March 4, 1861441-453..........Slavery in the United States. Antislavery movements456-655..........Civil War period, 1861-1865456-459..........Lincoln's administrations, 1861-April 15, 1865461-655..........The Civil War, 1861-1865482-489..........Confederate States of America491-586..........Armies. Troops591-600..........Naval history660-738..........Late nineteenth century, 1865-1900660-664..........General660..........Collected works of American statesmen661.7..........Diplomatic history. Foreign and general relations663-664..........Biography666-670..........Johnson's administration, April 15, 1865-1869668..........Reconstruction, 1865-1877669..........Purchase of Alaska, 1867671-680..........Grant's administrations, 1869-1877681-685..........Hayes's administration, 1877-1881686-687.9..........Garfield's administration, March 4-September 19, 1881691-695..........Arthur's administration, September 19, 1881-1885696-700..........Cleveland's first administration, 1885-1889701-705..........Benjamin Harrison's administration, 1889-1893706-710..........Cleveland's second administration, 1893-1897711-738..........McKinley's first administration, 1897-1901713..........Annexation in 1898 of Hawaii, the Philippines, and Puerto Rico714-735..........War of 1898 (Spanish-American War)740-837.7..........Twentieth century740-749..........General740.5..........Sources and documents742.5..........Collected works of American statesmen743-743.5..........Political history743.5..........Un-American activities744-744.5..........Diplomatic history. Foreign and general relations745..........Military history746..........Naval history747-748..........Biography751..........McKinley's second administration, March 4-September 14, 1901756-760..........Theodore Roosevelt's administrations, September 14, 1901-1909761-765..........Taft's administration, 1909-1913766-783..........Wilson's administrations, 1913-1921768..........Purchase of Danish West Indies (Virgin Islands), 1917780..........Internal history during World War I784-805..........1919-1933. Harding-Coolidge-Hoover era. \"The twenties\"785-786..........Harding's administration, 1921-August 2, 1923791-796..........Coolidge's administration, August 2, 1923-1929801-805..........Hoover's administration, 1929-1933806-812..........Franklin Delano Roosevelt's administrations, 1933-April 12, 1945813-816..........Truman's administrations, April 12, 1945-1953835-837.7..........Eisenhower's administrations, 1953-1961838-889..........Later twentieth century, 1961-838-840.8..........General838.3..........Sources and documents839.5-839.8..........Political history839.8..........Un-American activities840-840.2..........Diplomatic history. Foreign and general relations840.6-840.8..........Biography (General)841-843..........Kennedy's administration, 1961-November 22, 1963842.9..........Assassination, funeral, memorial services, etc.846-851..........Johnson's administrations, November 22, 1963-1969855-861..........Nixon's administrations, 1969-August 9, 1974860-861..........Watergate Affair. Resignation865-868..........Ford's administration, August 9, 1974-1977872-875..........Carter's administration, 1977-1981876-880..........Reagan's administrations, 1981-1989877.3..........Assassination attempt881-884..........George H. W. Bush's administration, 1989-1993885-889..........Clinton administration, 1993-2001895-904..........Twenty-first century902-904..........George W. Bush's administration, 2001-2009907-909..........Barack Obama's administration,  2009-"@en .corpus141.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiffy_Lube_Live> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jiffy Lube Live (formerly Nissan Pavilion at Stone Ridge or Nissan Pavilion) in Bristow, Virginia, is an outdoor live performance amphitheater in suburban Prince William County, about 35 miles west of Washington, DC. Owned and operated by Live Nation, the amphitheater can seat 25,000: 10,000 in reserved seats and 15,000 on the lawn.Development of the venue was a result of work by Cellar Door Productions, a prominent concert promoter in the area at the time. Two separate controversies led to the opening of the venue. The community had voiced complaints regarding the Grateful Dead shows at nearby RFK Stadium, a circumstance similar to the creation of Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, California 9 years prior. Meanwhile, the Walt Disney corporation was in the planning stages of its proposed Disney's America theme park in the area. Locals were angered at the proposed theme park. As a result, authorities granted permits for the pavilion instead. The location was decided due to proximity to the interstate as well as the capacity of the proposed facility to handle large crowds over multiple days. The amphitheater opened in June 1995, with a show including KC and the Sunshine Band and The Village People. The Grateful Dead were scheduled to perform three shows at the venue in the fall of 1995 but the tour was cancelled due to the death of band member Jerry Garcia.In July 24, 2004, the American hard rock band Kiss recorded their concert here for the live album Rock the Nation Live! (DVD).Former Senator Barack Obama held a rally for his 2008 presidential campaign at the venue on June 5, 2008.On January 8, 2010, the name of the venue was changed from “Nissan Pavilion” to “Jiffy Lube Live” as a result of a business agreement between Live Nation and Jiffy Lube Washington Area Co-op Inc.In February 2011 the venue posted to its website that it would strictly enforce its existing no-tailgating rule for its parking lots before and after concerts in conjunction with the Prince William County Police Department. Organizers cited safety concerns as reasons for the ban, though they planned to continue to sell alcohol inside the venue. In January 2012 the venue posted that tailgating would be returning with a set of rules posted on their website.Since its opening, Jiffy Lube Live has hosted a variety of musicians and bands.  Annual events include Jimmy Buffett, WMZQfest and the Mayhem Festival. 2008 featured LeRoi Moore's last performance with the Dave Matthews Band before his death later in the year; The concert was later released as Live Trax Vol. 14.  Other events include a variety of festivals such as Farm Aid and Ozzfest, along with co-headliners and solo acts. Other notable musical acts include Widespread Panic and Phish. In addition, some high schools in Prince William County and Fauquier County hold their graduation ceremonies there each June. In August 2012 & 2014, Linkin Park held concerts in the venue.Depeche Mode performed at the amphitheatre three times: the first one was on May 21, 2006 during their Touring the Angel, in front of a crowd of 9,036 people. The second one was on July 28, 2009 during their Tour of the Universe, in front of a crowd of 13,667 people. The third one was on September 8, 2013 during their Delta Machine Tour, in front of a sold out crowd of 11,041 people. The 2006 and 2009 shows were recorded for the group's live albums projects Recording the Angel and Recording the Universe, respectively."@en .corpus142.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresita_Fernández> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Teresita Fernández (born Miami, 1968) is a contemporary sculptor and artist based in New York. A recipient of the 2005  MacArthur Foundation \"Genius Fellowship\", Fernández's work is characterized by an interest in perception and the psychology of looking. She received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2003 and the Louis Comfort Tiffany Biennial Award in 1999. In September 2011, Fernández was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve on the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts.She is represented by the Lehmann Maupin Gallery in New York City."@en .corpus142.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Liebman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeffrey B. Liebman (born c. 1967), an American economist who served as the executive associate director and chief economist and then as the acting deputy director for policy of the Office of Management and Budget within the Obama Administration. During the 2008 Presidential Campaign he served as a top economic advisor to the presidential campaign of Democratic Senator Barack Obama of Illinois.Liebman is the Malcolm Wiener Professor of Public Policy John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. He is also a research associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research, and a member of the Academic Advisory Committee, Center for American Progress.He teaches courses in social policy, public sector economics, and American economic policy. His research includes tax and budget policy, social insurance, poverty, and income inequality. Recently he has examined the impacts of government programs such as the Earned Income Tax Credit, Social Security, and housing vouchers. From 1998 to 1999 he served as Special Assistant to the President for economic policy and coordinated the Clinton Administration's Social Security reform technical working group."@en .corpus142.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Ryan_(executive)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Patrick G. Ryan is the founder and retired executive chairman of Aon Corporation. He served as the Chairman and CEO of the Chicago 2016 Olympic bid committee. Following the unsuccessful 2016 Chicago bid, he founded Ryan Specialty Group (RSG) as a holding company aimed at providing specialty services to insurance brokers, agents and carriers.  RSG’s first subsidiary, ThinkRisk, began business in December 2009 to provide underwriting and claims management services for media, technology, advertising and network security. He is also a leading benefactor of the Art Institute of Chicago Building's Modern wing addition.In 2004, Ryan hosted President George W. Bush during a political fundraising dinner at his home in Winnetka, Illinois. Later that year, he hosted another fundraiser with President Bush's wife and daughters as special guests.  In November 2008, Ryan was named one of five co-chairs for Barack Obama's inaugural committee.Ryan is a member and former Chairman of the Board of Trustees at Northwestern University, where both major athletic facilities, the Welsh-Ryan Arena and Ryan Field, are named after him. In 1990, he bought 10% of the Chicago Bears.Ryan is a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity. He is married to Shirley Ryan."@en .corpus143.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Eissenstat> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Janet Eissenstat is the former Director of the President’s Commission on White House Fellowships for the George W. Bush Administration. She continued to serve in that position in the Administration of President Barack Obama until Mr. Obama named Cindy Moelis as her successor in April 2009."@en .corpus143.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intuitive_domain_names> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Intuitive domain names are domain names based on generic words (not proper names or tradenames) which a user may use to make up a likely website name which he looks for on the Internet in case that website exists and is relevant to what the word means. Examples are http://www.carhire.com when looking for information about car hire, or http://www.rebreather.com for a scuba diver who is looking for information about rebreather scuba sets. Some such website names have sold for very high sums: the highest known such prices (as at April 2007) are $3,000,000 for http://loans.com and $5,500,000 for http://business.com . 20 of the 25 most expensive domain names ever sold are intuitive .com domains with insure.com being at the top of the list at a price of $16,000,000.Related are obvious website names made from names of organizations, for example pbs.org for Public Broadcasting Service.Related are obvious names made from names of famous people, for example www.barackobama.com for Barack Obama. To be distinguished are \"typo squatting\" and \"likely mistake squatting\", for example, when looking for PBS, guessing at pbs.com leads to the unrelated firm  Digital Technology International, formerly called \"Publishing Business Systems\".  This is no longer the case.  Clicking on pbs.com redirects to pbs.org"@en .corpus143.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Butterfield> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Fox Butterfield (born 1939 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania) is an American journalist who spent much of his 30-year career reporting for The New York Times.Butterfield served as Times bureau chief in Saigon, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Beijing, and Boston and as a correspondent in Washington and New York. During that time, he was awarded the Pulitzer Prize as a member of The New York Times team that published the Pentagon Papers, the Pentagon's secret history of the Vietnam War, in 1971.Butterfield won a 1983 National Book Award for Nonfiction for China: Alive in the Bitter Sea. He also wrote All God's Children: The Bosket Family and the American Tradition of Violence (1995) about the child criminal Willie Bosket.In 1990, Butterfield wrote an article on the election of the first African-American president of the Harvard Law Review, future president of the United States Barack Obama.Butterfield is the eponym for \"The Butterfield Effect\", used to refer to a person who \"makes a statement that is ludicrous on its face, yet it reveals what the speaker truly believes\", especially if expressing a supposed paradox when a causal relationship should be obvious. The particular article that sparked this was titled \"More Inmates, Despite Drop In Crime\" by Butterfield in the New York Times on November 8, 2004."@en .corpus143.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assistant_to_the_President_and_Deputy_National_Security_Advisor_for_Iraq_and_Afghanistan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor for Iraq and Afghanistan, also known by the informal expression War Czar, is a position the George W. Bush administration created to oversee the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan with authority to issue directions to the Pentagon, the State Department, and other agencies.Previous to the creation of the 'war czar' position, Deputy National Security Advisor Meghan O'Sullivan was primarily responsible for White House programs related to the war, under the direction of the National Security Advisor, Stephen J. Hadley and without authority to issue interagency orders. O'Sullivan's resignation allowed the administration the opportunity to reorganize.  The position was offered to three retired generals, John J. Sheehan, Jack Keane, and Joseph Ralston, before the appointment of Lieutenant General Douglas Lute in May 2007; Lute was confirmed by the Senate on June 28, 2007, and reported both to the President and the National Security Advisor with the rank of full \"Assistant to the President.\" He has continued to hold this position in the Barack Obama administration. Under President Obama, he now answers to new National Security Advisor Thomas E. Donilon."@en .corpus143.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_awards_and_nominations_received_by_Rani_Mukerji> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rani Mukerji is an actress making her acting debut with Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat in 1997, she received her first award at the Star Screen Awards for Best Fresh Talent. The following year she was featured in two successful films. For her third movie, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai (1998), she earned the award for Best Supporting Actress at the 44th Filmfare Awards. She also collected the Zee Cine Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role and the Lux Face of the Year accolades at the Zee Cine Awards. Following this, she was signed on for several movies, some of which were critically and commercially successful films, such as Hey Ram (2000) which was chosen as India’s official entry to the Oscars and Badal (2000) which was one of the highest grossing films of that year.Mukerji was then noted for her role in Shaad Ali's Saathiya (2002). Her portrayal of a medical student who struggles with married life at a young age in the film made her earn her first Filmfare Best Actress nomination and she also won her first Filmfare Critics Best Actress Award that same night. The role garnered her several Best Actress nominations at major award ceremonies, including organizations like, International Indian Film Academy (IIFA), Zee Cine and Screen which also bestowed her with a Special Jury Award. She again garnered critical acclaim and commercial success with Chalte Chalte (2003), Yuva (2004), Hum Tum (2004), Veer-Zaara (2004), Black (2005), Bunty Aur Babli (2005), Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna (2006), Laaga Chunari Mein Daag (2007), Saawariya (2007), No One Killed Jessica (2011), and Talaash: The Answer Lies Within (2012). All these movies earned her nominations and wins at major award ceremonies, of which Hum Tum (2004) and Black (2005) bagged her two Filmfare Awards for Best Actress and the latter also gave her the Filmfare Critics Best Actress Award. She won Best Supporting Actress for Yuva (2004) and No One Killed Jessica (2011) respectively. She also received the Star Screen Award Jodi No. 1 for two consecutive years for her pairing opposite Abhishek Bachchan in Bunty Aur Babli (2005) and Shahrukh Khan in Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna (2006).She got her Rajiv Gandhi Award in 2004, a national honor. Apart from winning merit awards based on her performances, Mukerji was awarded various non-acting honors at major award functions. These include being the Celebrity Model of the Year at the Idea Zee F Awards as well as the Most Stylish Actor at the MTV Lycra Awards. She has topped every Top Ten Actresses’ Listing by Filmfare for several consecutive years, often she is cited as the Ten Most Powerful Names of Bollywood, sometimes being the only woman making it to that list from year to year. Mukerji was chosen as the Best Television Personality of the Year for judging the show Dance Premier League (2009). IIFA-FICCI Frames has named her as one of the ten most powerful entertainers of the decade. In 2011, she was bestowed with the greatest honor, the Actor of the Decade Award, by the India Leadership Conclave’s Indian Affairs’s Business Leadership Awards as well as by the Kelvinator Gr8 Women Achievers Club. In 2013, Mukerji was honored by the US Council on the day of Barack Obama's inauguration into office for Contribution to Indian Cinema and TSR National Film Awards recognized her as Bollywood's Ever Shining Star. She was commemorated with Excellence in Acting at GQ India’s Men of the Year Award that same year."@en .corpus143.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Defense_for_Acquisition,_Technology_and_Logistics> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, or USD(AT&L), is a senior civilian official in the Office of the Secretary of Defense within the Department of Defense. USD(AT&L) is the principal staff assistant and advisor to the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of Defense for all matters concerning Departmental acquisitions and the general management of the Department as a whole.The Under Secretary is appointed from civilian life by the President with the consent of the Senate to serve at the pleasure of the President. The current Under Secretary is Frank Kendall III, who was appointed by President Barack Obama on October 6, 2011."@en .corpus143.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brdy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brdy are hills in the Czech Republic, forming a long massif stretching for cca.60 km from Prague in the direction of southwest. The northern section of the Brdy is called \"Hřebeny\" and features one narrow ridge (highest elevation Písek - 690 m.). The Brdy proper starts south of the Litavka river gorge and consists of several major elevations connected into one plateau. The highest being \"Tok\" (864 m.), \"Praha\" (862 m.) or \"Třemšín\" (827 m.).Most of the Brdy is covered by forest making it one of the largest contiguously forested areas in the interior of the Czech republic. However, major sections of the massif have been declared closed military area and are largely banned to public.The military area of Brdy has been a source of controversy for several decades.The closed military area was declared shortly after emergence of Czechoslovakia to cater for needs of growing Czechoslovak armed forces in 1925. It has been expanded and well used by Third Reich military forces during the Nazi occupation of Czechoslovakia during 1939-1945.It has been further used for intensive military exercises in post war era with some additional expansion in the southern sector.After the Warsaw Pact intervention in August 1968, southern locality near town Mirosov served as base to a small Red Army contingent until its repatriation in 1993.Military use of the Brdy mountains gradually decreased after the Velvet Revolution in 1989 driven by military cost cutting and eventual professionalization in 2005.However, the closed military status of the central part persists.Brdy mountains were in the focus of American negotiators attempting to settle a deal with Czech government to install a Ground-Based Midcourse Defense missile defense radar system in this military area. The plans for missile defense had been reshaped in U.S. President Barack Obama's administration and Brdy had lost most of its strategic importance."@en .corpus144.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_C._Noonan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edward C. \"Ed\" Noonan (born Edward Clifford Davis September 25, 1948 in Prescott, Arizona) was the chairman of the American Independent Party. He was replaced as party chairman by Markham Robinson in July 2008. At the same meeting, national affiliation of the party was changed to America's Independent Party, which was the new political party of Alan Keyes. Noonan attended Santa Barbara City College, served four years in the U.S. Army, then attended Sacramento City College, American River College and Sacramento State College. Noonan is married to Patricia Hansen, and they have a son, E. Justin Noonan who ran for California State Treasurer in 2006. He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.He was the winner of the 2002 AIP Primary for Secretary of State of California, receiving 85,791 votes (1.2%); was the winner of the 2006 AIP Primary for Governor of California in the California gubernatorial election, receiving 61,901 votes (0.7%). [1]. He filed to run for U.S. Congressman from California's 2nd congressional district in 2008, but did not get enough in-lieu signatures. He was the winner of the AIP Primary for US Senate in 2010 against Barbara Boxer. He received 125,435 votes (1.2%).In January 2012, Noonan filed suit with six other electors in California to prevent the Secretary of State, Debra Bowen from placing Barack Obama on the California Primary Ballot. Noonan and the other petitioners claimed that Obama had not proved that he was a U.S. citizen. The case was dismissed by Judge Micheal P. Kenny of the Sacramento Superior Court. The case was appealed in August 2012. Noonan's attorney was Gary Kreep, who is now a Superior Court Judge in San Diego.Noonan also was on a federal lawsuit against Obama and the U.S. Congress attempting to keep Obama from being approved by Congress as a legitimate candidate for President. Noonan was represented in the federal case by attorney Orly Taitz.Noonan was sued by members of the AIP in 2008 attempting to remove him as State Party Chairman. Noonan won the case and retained Chairmanship of the AIP.In 2012, Noonan won the AIP's California Primary for President of the United States. However, the current leadership of the AIP (14 members) decided to not back the further candidacy of Noonan and instead went outside the party and nominated Tom Hoefling of the America's Party as the nominee for President.Noonan left the party in 2012 and became founder and first National Committee Chairman of the American Resistance Party."@en .corpus144.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Robinson_(basketball)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Craig Malcolm Robinson (born April 21, 1962) is an American college basketball coach and broadcaster. He is a former head men's basketball coach at Oregon State University and Brown University. He was a star forward as a player at Princeton University in the early 1980s and a bond trader during the 1990s. He currently works as an analyst for ESPN.He is the older brother of U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, and the brother-in-law of U.S. President Barack Obama.  Robinson has been married twice and has four children."@en .corpus144.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_M._Beachy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert Beachy (born January 5, 1965, Aibonito, Puerto Rico) is associate professor of history at Goucher College in Baltimore, Maryland.  He received his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1998.  Beachy specializes in the intellectual and cultural history of Germany and Europe, and is known for his work on the history of sexuality in the Weimar Republic, under the Nazis, and in Germany after the Second World War. In 2009, Beachy was named a fellow of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation for his research on homosexuality in Nazi Germany.  Beachy's work also has received support from the Huntington Library, the National Humanities Center, the Max Planck Institute for History, the Herzog August Bibliothek in Wolfenbüttel, the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) and the American Philosophical Society.Beachy is the brother of Stanford biologist Philip A. Beachy and is a cousin of author Stephen Beachy and of Roger N. Beachy, who was appointed by President Barack Obama as the first Director of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA)."@en .corpus144.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Fielding> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jonathan Evan Fielding M.D., M.P.H., M.A., M.B.A. (born 1942) is  the former Director/Health Officer of the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health.  Currently he is a Distinguished Professor at UCLA in the Fielding School of Public Health and the Geffen School of Medicine. He is the founder and Co-Director of the School of Public Health’s Center for Health Advancement.  The Center has expertise in forecasting and modeling future health and analyzing the health impact of policies and programs in non-health sectors such as education, transportation, and natural resources.As Director of one of the largest health departments in the United States, Fielding oversaw public health activities, including those for environmental health, disease control, health education, health assessment, and chronic diseases. During his over 16 years tenure, Fielding led efforts to develop plans to deal with emergencies related to bioterrorism, pandemic flu, and other emerging diseases and conditions. He also called attention to the underlying health determinants: the physical and social environments in which we live. He was responsible for implementing the restaurant grading system which has been widely emulated. Fielding also served as Commissioner and vice-chair and chair, of the First 5 Los Angeles Los Angeles Commission, whose mission is to improve health and development of children 5 years of age and under.Fielding has been a founding member of a number of national task forces that assess best evidence and make recommendations to improve the health of the public.  These include the U.S. Clinical Preventive Services Task Force and the U.S. Community Preventive Services Task Force, which he has chaired for over a decade. Fielding has published on a wide range of public health as well as preventive medicine issues. He has authored over 200 peer-reviewed articles, chapters and editorials. He has served as Associate Editor and then Editor of the Annual Review of Public Health over a 35 year period. Fielding is the a Board Member and former chair of the American Legacy Foundation, and also former Chair of the national Partnership for Prevention. He is also an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences Institute of Medicine and the former President of the American College of Preventive Medicine. In 2006 he received the American Public Health Association (APHA)’s oldest and most prestigious award, the Sedgwick Memorial Medal for Distinguished Public Health. In 2008, he was appointed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services Michael Leavitt to chair the Secretary’s Advisory Committee on the 2020 Health Objectives for the Nation. He was also appointed to the California Department of Public Health Advisory Committee. In April 2009 Fielding received the UCLA Medal, the university's highest honor, for his work as an innovator, leader and public health visionary. https://ph.ucla.edu/news/press-release/2011/mar/jonathan-fielding-public-health-leader-awarded-prestigious-ucla-medal In January 2011 he was appointed by President Barack Obama to the Advisory Group on Prevention, Health Promotion, and Integrative and Public Health, becoming one of the 13 founding members of the group.[4] In 2012 he received the Fries Prize for pioneering work in identifying and applying effective worksite and public prevention programs and policies that have improved health for million of Americans. The prize was given by the James F. and Sarah T. Fries Foundation.   http://www.friesfoundation.org/prizerecip.html  He was also named 2012 Honorary Fellow of the Society for Public Health Education for his visionary leadership and lifetime of contributions to public health."@en .corpus144.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Shepard_and_James_Byrd,_Jr._Hate_Crimes_Prevention_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, also known as the Matthew Shepard Act, is an American Act of Congress, passed on October 22, 2009, and signed into law by President Barack Obama on October 28, 2009, as a rider to the National Defense Authorization Act for 2010 (H.R. 2647). Conceived as a response to the murders of Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr., the measure expands the 1969 United States federal hate-crime law to include crimes motivated by a victim's actual or perceived gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.The bill also: Removes the prerequisite that the victim be engaging in a federally protected activity, like voting or going to school; Gives federal authorities greater ability to engage in hate crimes investigations that local authorities choose not to pursue; Provides $5 million per year in funding for fiscal years 2010 through 2012 to help state and local agencies pay for investigating and prosecuting hate crimes; Requires the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to track statistics on hate crimes based on gender and gender identity (statistics for the other groups were already tracked).↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus144.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enhanced_interrogation_techniques> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Enhanced interrogation techniques refers to the U.S. government's program of systematic torture of detainees by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) and various components of the U.S. Armed Forces at black sites around the world, including Bagram, Guantanamo Bay, and Abu Ghraib, authorized by officials of the George W. Bush administration. The methods included prolonged stress positions, hooding, subjection to deafening noise, sleep deprivation to the point of hallucination, deprivation of food and drink — as well as waterboarding, walling, nakedness, subjection to extreme cold, confinement in small coffin-like boxes, and repeated slapping or beating. There were also cases of forced rectal feeding and threats to harm family members.There has never been an authoritative tally of the number of detainees subjected to these methods. The CIA admits to waterboarding three people implicated in the September 11 attacks: Abu Zubaydah, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, and Mohammed al-Qahtani, and the agency is also known to have waterboarded Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri. As well, a waterboard surrounded by buckets of water was photographed at the Salt Pit, a CIA prison where the CIA claimed never to have used the technique.Debates arose over whether \"enhanced interrogation\" violated U.S. anti-torture statutes or international laws such as the UN Convention against Torture. In 2005 the CIA destroyed videotapes depicting prisoners being interrogated under torture; an internal justification was that what they showed was so horrific they would be \"devastating to the CIA\", and that \"the heat from destroying is nothing compared to what it would be if the tapes ever got into public domain.\" The United Nations special rapporteur on torture, Juan Mendez stated that waterboarding is torture — \"immoral and illegal,\" and in 2008, fifty-six House Democrats asked for an independent investigation.A nonpartisan, independent review of interrogation and detention programs in the years after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks concluded that “it is indisputable that the United States engaged in the practice of torture” and that the nation’s highest officials bore ultimate responsibility for it. American and European officials including former CIA Director Leon Panetta, former CIA officers, a Guantanamo prosecutor, and a military tribunal judge, have called \"enhanced interrogation\" a euphemism for torture. In 2009 both President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder stated certain of the techniques are torture, and repudiated their use. They declined to prosecute CIA, DoD, or Bush administration officials who authorized the program, while leaving open the possibility of convening an investigatory \"Truth Commission\" for what President Obama called a \"further accounting.\"In July 2014, the European Court of Human Rights formally ruled that so-called \"enhanced interrogation\" is torture, and ordered Poland to pay restitution to men tortured at a CIA black site there. Poland is appealing the decision. In December 2014, the U.S. Senate made public around 10% of a report about the CIA's use of torture during the George W. Bush Presidency. See: Senate Intelligence Committee report on CIA torture."@en .corpus145.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_debates,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States presidential election, 2008 was sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD), a bipartisan organization that sponsored four debates that occurred at various locations around the United States (U.S.) in September and October 2008. Three of the debates involved the presidential nominees, and one involved the vice-presidential nominees.Republican Party nominee John McCain and Democratic Party nominee Barack Obama did not agree to additional debates; however, each was interviewed at the Civil Forum on the Presidency, held on August 16, 2008, and at the Service Nation Presidential Forum on September 11, 2008. Their respective running mates, Sarah Palin and Joe Biden, did not participate in any additional debates."@en .corpus145.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bucha> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul William Bucha (born August 1, 1943) is an American Vietnam War veteran and recipient of the Medal of Honor.  He was a foreign policy adviser to Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign."@en .corpus145.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/KAM_Isaiah_Israel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "KAM Isaiah Israel is the oldest Jewish congregation in Chicago, with its oldest core founded in 1847 as Kehilath Anshe Ma'arav (\"Congregation of the Men of the West\", probably referring to the Middle-west, abbreviated as KAM).KAM's synagogue building burned down in the Chicago Fire of 1874. In 1890, KAM moved into its Louis Sullivan and Dankmar Adler designed temple in Bronzeville, and in 1924 moved again to a private residence in Hyde Park. The former synagogue became the Pilgrim Baptist Church, the birthplace of Gospel music. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, designated a Chicago Landmark in 1981, and partially destroyed by fire in 2006. In 1971, KAM merged with another Reform congregation, Isaiah Israel (builders of the present synagogue), to become KAM Isaiah Israel. The synagogue is at 1100 East Hyde Park Boulevard in the Kenwood neighborhood.  Kenwood is an area known for its large homes and well-to-do residents, such as Barack Obama (who lives across from the synagogue on Greenwood Avenue) and Muhammad Ali. The temple's architecture was inspired by those constructed during the Byzantine Period of Judaism. The minaret is not on top of the dome as it appears in this photo, but rather it is atop a tower that functions as a chimney, behind the building. Built for the Isaiah Israel congregation in 1924, the structure was designed by Alfred S. Alschuler, who drew his influence from photographs of the second-century Severus synagogue unearthed at Tiberias, in Galilee.  The extensions were designed by architects John Alschuler (the son of Alfred) and Ron Dirsmith. The building was designated an official Chicago Landmark on June 9, 1997."@en .corpus146.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohan_de_Silva> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rohan De Silva is a Sri Lankan pianist.  De Silva initially studied at Isipathana College, Colombo and later he migrated abroad to study at Royal Academy of Music, London and The Juilliard School, New York, while working closely with violin pedagogue Dorothy DeLay. He has been awarded numerous prizes and scholarships including a special prize as Best Accompanist at the 1990 Ninth International Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow.  The following year, De Silva joined the collaborative arts and chamber music faculty of the Juilliard School. In 1992, he was awarded honorary Associate of the Royal Academy of Music.  His radio and television credits include The Tonight Show, CNN’s “Showbiz Today”, NHK Television in Japan, NPR, WQXR and WNYC in New York, and Berlin Radio. He has recorded for Deutsche Grammophon, CBS/Sony Classical, Collins Classics in London, and RCA Victor.De Silva has accompanied violin virtuosos Itzhak Perlman, Cho-Liang Lin, Midori, Joshua Bell, Vadim Repin, Gil Shaham, Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg and others at venues including Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center’s Avery Fisher Hall, Alice Tully Hall, the Kennedy Center, the Library of Congress, the Philadelphia Academy of Music, the Ambassador Theater in Los Angeles, Chicago Lyric Opera's Ardis Krainik Theatre, and concert halls in Europe, Japan and Israel. His festival appearances in the United States and abroad include the Aspen, Interlochen, Manchester, and Ravinia festivals, and festivals in Japan and New Zealand. He performs frequently with Itzhak Perlman, including PBS’s Live from Lincoln television program. He is currently a faculty member at the Perlman Music Program on Long Island, The Juilliard School and the Ishikawa Music Academy in Japan.On May 7, 2007, he performed for Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip at a White House Dinner upon the request of U.S. President George W. Bush and the First Lady Laura Bush. On June 13, 2012, he performed for Israeli president Shimon Peres, again with violinist Itzhak Perlman, at the invitation of President Barack Obama."@en .corpus146.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Gormley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Beatrice Gormley was born in Glendale, California in 1942. She wanted to be a writer since the early age of 9, because she loved to read. Her husband Robert is an editor. They have two daughters together named Katie and Jenny. Robert and Beatrice live with their cat Luke. In 1979 she wrote her first book. At 39 years old she had her first book published. Currently she doesn't have a second job but before her first book was published she too was an editor. Beatrice visits many schools and validates the importance of revision and rewriting. Beatrice and her husband live in Massachusetts. Beatrice is currently writing a historical novel for kids, and recently wrote a biography Barack Obama, Our 44th President."@en .corpus146.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lute> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Douglas Edward Lute, born November 3, 1952, is the United States Permanent Representative to NATO, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.  He was nominated for the post by President Obama on May 23, 2013, and assumed his position on September 3, 2013.Lute is a retired United States Army lieutenant general. On May 15, 2007, Lute was appointed by George W. Bush to serve as Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor for Iraq and Afghanistan.  The New York Times referred to him as the \"War Czar\", since he occupied a senior advisory position responsible for overseeing the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. He was asked to stay on by new President Barack Obama as Obama's Special Assistant and Senior Coordinator for Afghanistan and Pakistan. After leaving active duty in 2010, Lute remained in his position at the National Security Staff. He is married to Jane Holl Lute, who served as the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security from 2009 through 2013."@en .corpus146.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._T._Vivian> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cordy Tindell Vivian, usually known as C. T. Vivian (born July 30, 1924), is a minister, author, and was a close friend and lieutenant of the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. during the American Civil Rights Movement. Vivian continues to reside in Atlanta, Georgia and most recently founded the C. T. Vivian Leadership Institute, Inc. He is a member of the Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.Senator Barack Obama, speaking at the occasion of the anniversary of Selma to Montgomery marches in March of 2007 at Selma's Brown Chapel A.M.E., recognized Vivian in his opening remarks in the words of Martin L. King Jr. as \"the greatest preacher to ever live.”On August 8, 2013, President Barack Obama named Vivian as a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The citation in the press release reads as follows:C.T. Vivian is a distinguished minister, author, and organizer.  A leader in the Civil Rights Movement and friend to the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., he participated in Freedom Rides and sit-ins across our country.  Dr. Vivian also helped found numerous civil rights organizations, including Vision, the National Anti-Klan Network, and the Center for Democratic Renewal.  In 2012, he returned to serve as interim President of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus147.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategic_Economic_Dialogue> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The China-U.S. Strategic Economic Dialogue (SED) was a framework for the United States and the People's Republic of China to mutually discuss topics related to economic relations between both countries. The SED was initiated in 2006 by President George W. Bush and President Hu Jintao. The format was such that top leaders of both countries would meet twice a year at locations alternating between China and the US. A total of five meetings were held between 2006 and 2008.It had been described by a former U.S. Treasury official as similar to the G2\". The SED was expanded to give the U.S. State Department a bigger role by the Presidency of Barack Obama and renamed  the U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue. Unique attributes to the SED included a jointly drafted and agreed to \"Fact Sheet\" that detailed all the agreements reached at that round of the SED."@en .corpus147.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biobased_economy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Biobased economy, bioeconomy or biotechonomy refers to all economic activity derived from scientific and research activity focused on biotechnology.  In other words, on understanding mechanisms and processes at the genetic and molecular levels and its application to industrial process. The term is widely used by regional development agencies, international organizations, biotechnology companies. It is closely linked to the evolution of the biotechnology industry. The ability to study, understand and manipulate genetic material has been possible due to scientific breakthroughs and technological progress. The evolution of the biotechnology industry and its application to agriculture, health, chemical or energy industries is a classic example of bioeconomic activity. In 2012 president Barack Obama of the USA announced intentions to encourage biological manufacturing methods, with a National Bioeconomy Blueprint."@en .corpus147.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Republican_Party> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Alaska Republican Party is the affiliate of the United States Republican Party (GOP) in Alaska, headquartered in Anchorage.It is the dominant or majority party in Alaska.  As of 2013, the Republicans hold all of Alaska's statewide elected offices, with the exception of one of Alaska's two seats in the United States Senate, and hold majorities in both houses of the state legislature.Republicans hold two U.S. Senate seats and have held Alaska's At-large congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives for over 40 years. The Alaska Republican Party has also greatly helped GOP presidential candidates in the state and has transformed the Last Frontier into one of the most staunchly Republican states in the nation. All Republican presidential nominees have won Alaska in recent elections; the last (and only) Democrat to carry Alaska was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964.Republican John McCain won Alaska in 2008 with 59.42% of the total statewide vote over Democrat Barack Obama who received 37.89%, a 21.53-percent margin of victory for the senior U.S. Senator from Arizona."@en .corpus147.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_Republican_Party> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Montana Republican Party (MTGOP) is the affiliate of the Republican Party in Montana. The party is led by Chairman William Deschamps (Missoula) and Vice Chair Senator Jennifer Fielder (Thompson Falls, MT). The National Committeeman is Errol Galt (Martinsdale) and the National Committeewoman is Betti Hill (Helena). The MTGOP is located in Helena, Montana and is a private company organized of political organizations which include political action groups, political advocacy groups, political interest groups, and other types of political organizations.Bowen Greenwood was hired as Executive Director in 2010.Republican John McCain won Montana in 2008 with 49.43% of the total statewide vote over Democrat Barack Obama who received 47.17%, a 2.4-percent margin of victory for the senior U.S. Senator from Arizona."@en .corpus147.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Agriculture_for_Natural_Resources_and_Environment> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Agriculture for Natural Resources and Environment, or USA(NRE), is a high-ranking official in the United States Department of Agriculture and the principal advisor to the United States Secretary of Agriculture on policy to promote the conservation and sustainable use of the Nation's natural resources. The Under Secretary is appointed by the President of the United States with the consent of the United States Senate to serve at the pleasure of the President. The current Under Secretary is Robert Bonnie, who was appointed by President Barack Obama on July 29, 2013."@en .corpus147.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Agriculture_for_Farm_and_Foreign_Agricultural_Services> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services is the third-ranking official in the United States Department of Agriculture.  The incumbent heads a mission area of USDA that \"helps to keep America's farmers and ranchers in business as they face the uncertainties of weather and markets...\" and that \"...deliver[s] commodity, credit, conservation, disaster, and emergency assistance programs that help improve the stability and strength of the agricultural economy.\"  The Under Secretary is traditionally appointed to serve as the President of the Commodity Credit Corporation.The Under Secretary is appointed by the President of the United States with the consent of the United States Senate to serve at the pleasure of the President. The current Under Secretary is Michael T. Scuse, who was appointed by President Barack Obama May 14, 2012."@en .corpus147.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Commerce_for_Industry_and_Security> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security, or USC(IS), is a high-ranking official in the United States Department of Commerce and the principal advisor to the United States Secretary of Commerce on the export of sensitive goods and technologies. The Under Secretary is the head of the Bureau of Industry and Security within the Commerce Department.The Under Secretary is appointed by the President of the United States with the consent of the United States Senate to serve at the pleasure of the President. The current Under Secretary is Eric L. Hirschhorn, who was appointed by President Barack Obama on April 2, 2010."@en .corpus148.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Khademhosseini> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ali Khademhosseini (born October 30, 1975, Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian American-Canadian academic, a Full Professor at Harvard Medical School, Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology and Associate Faculty at Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering. He has carried out research in the area of biomedical microdevices and biomaterials. He has developed a number of methods for controlling the stem cell microenvironment using microscale devices and to engineer biomaterials for tissue engineering. He has published extensively in the area of biomedicine and stem cell bioengineering.   He has over 350 peer-reviewed publications,  more than 250 invited presentations and 20 issued or pending patents. As of October 2014, he has been cited more than 15000 times and has an h-index of 64. He received his PhD in Bioengineering (with Robert Langer) at MIT and his undergraduate and Masters degrees, both in chemical engineering at University of Toronto.Khademhosseini’s interdisciplinary research has been recognized by over 30 major national and international awards. He is one of the recipients of the 2011 Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE) by President Barack Obama.  He has also received early career awards from three major engineering discipline societies: electrical (IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology award / IEEE Nanotechnology award), chemical (AIChE Colburn award) and mechanical engineering (ASME YC Fung award).  In addition, he has received the young investigator awards of the Society for Biomaterials and the Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine International Society-North America.   He has also received the American Chemical Society’s Viktor K. Lamer award and the Unilever award and has been recognized by major governmental awards including the NSF Career award and the Office of Naval Research young investigator award.  In 2007, he was named a TR35 recipient by the Technology Review Magazine as one of the world’s top young innovators.  He received the TR35 based on his work on developing 'living legos' that can be used to make artificial organs. He has also received major recognitions from other organizations including the Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening Innovation Award, a Sloan fellowship as well as the IAMBE and the Coulter foundation early career awards.  For his PhD work he received the BMW Scientific Award."@en .corpus148.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renewable_energy_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Renewable energy in the United States accounted for 12.9 percent of the domestically produced electricity in 2013, and 11.2 percent of total energy generation. As of 2014, more than 143,000 people work in the solar industry and 43 states deploy net metering, where energy utilities buy back excess power generated by solar arrays.Renewable energy reached a major milestone in the first quarter of 2011, when it contributed 11.7 percent of total U.S. energy production (2.245 quadrillion BTUs of energy), surpassing energy production from nuclear power (2.125 quadrillion BTUs). 2011 was the first year since 1997 that renewables exceeded nuclear in US total energy production.Hydroelectric power is currently the largest producer of renewable power in the U.S. It produced around 6.2% of the nation's total electricity in 2010 which was 60.2% of the total renewable power in the U.S. The United States is the fourth largest producer of hydroelectricity in the world after China, Canada and Brazil. The Grand Coulee Dam is the 5th largest hydroelectric power station in the world.U.S. wind power installed capacity now exceeds 60,000 MW and supplies 4% of the nation's electricity. Texas is firmly established as the leader in wind power development, followed by Iowa and California. Since the U.S. pioneered the technology with Solar One, several solar thermal power stations have also been built.  The largest of these solar thermal power stations is the SEGS group of plants in the Mojave Desert with a total generating capacity of 354 MW, making the system the largest solar plant of any kind in the world. The largest photovoltaic power plant in the world are the Desert Sunlight Solar Farm, a 550 MW solar power plant under construction in Riverside County, California and the Topaz Solar Farm, a 550 MW photovoltaic power plant, being built in San Luis Obispo County, California. The Geysers in Northern California is the largest complex of geothermal energy production in the world.The development of renewable energy and energy efficiency marks \"a new era of energy exploration\" in the United States, according to President Barack Obama. In a joint address to the Congress on February 24, 2009, President Obama called for doubling renewable energy within the next three years. In his 2012 State of the Union address, President Barack Obama restated his commitment to renewable energy and mentioned the long-standing Interior Department commitment to permit 10,000 MW of renewable energy projects on public land in 2012."@en .corpus148.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_Coie> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Perkins Coie is an international law firm headquartered in Seattle, Washington. It has been listed on the Fortune Magazine \"100 Best Places to Work in America\" for the past twelve years, and is ranked number 49 on the AmLaw 100 list. Perkins Coie is the oldest and largest law firm headquartered in the Pacific Northwest and has a total of 19 offices across the United States and Asia. It works in Intellectual Property, Venture Capital, Emerging Companies, Labor & Employment, Corporate Governance and Securities, Investigations and White Collar Defense, and Products Liability practice groups. Perkins Coie provides corporate, commercial litigation and intellectual property legal services to clients who range from FORTUNE 100 corporations to small, independent start-ups, as well as public and not-for-profit organizations.Additionally, Chambers regularly ranks Perkins Coie's Political Law practice first in the United States. The firm is counsel of record for the Democratic National Committee, and other political clients include nearly all Democratic members of the United States Congress, as well as several Presidential campaigns, including those of John Kerry and Barack Obama. In 2009, President Obama appointed Robert Bauer, the Chair of the firm's Political Law practice, to become his White House Counsel. Bauer returned to private practice with Perkins Coie in 2011.Living alumni of the firm include former Attorney General of Washington State Rob McKenna, 9th Circuit Court of Appeals Judges Margaret McKeown and Ronald M. Gould, Washington State Representative Cyrus Habib, and Oregon State Representative Chris Garrett."@en .corpus149.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkley_Bedell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Berkley Warren Bedell (born March 5, 1921) is a former U.S. Representative from Iowa. After starting a successful business in his youth, Berkley Fly Co., he ran for the United States Congress in 1972, but was defeated by incumbent Wiley Mayne. In 1974, however, Bedell beat Wiley Mayne and was elected to Congress.He was known for his support of representative democracy and his populist style. For example, he would hold town halls and let constituents vote on motions to decide what he would do in Congress on their behalf. These meetings helped Bedell understand the problems of his constituents; as a result, he backed issues that were important to his farming constituency, such as waterway usage fees and production constraints.He did not seek reelection in 1986 after contracting Lyme disease from a tick bite. Though he no longer serves in Congress, Bedell remains active in Iowa politics, strongly supporting Howard Dean in 2004 over John Kerry. In the 2008 presidential election, he met several times with Chris Dodd, but endorsed Barack Obama in the end."@en .corpus149.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_gains_tax_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In the United States of America, individuals and corporations pay U.S. federal income tax on the net total of all their capital gains just as they do on other sorts of income. \"Long term\" capital gains are generally taxed at a preferential rate in comparison to ordinary income. The amount an investor is taxed depends on both his or her tax bracket, and the amount of time the investment was held before being sold.Short-term capital gains are taxed at the investor's ordinary income tax rate and are defined as investments held for a year or less before being sold. Long-term capital gains, which are gains on dispositions of assets held for more than one year, are taxed at a lower rate than short-term gains. In 2003, this rate was reduced to 15%, and to 5% for individuals in the lowest two income tax brackets.The reduced 15% tax rate on qualified dividends and long term capital gains, previously scheduled to expire in 2008, was extended through 2010 as a result of the Tax Increase Prevention and Reconciliation Act of 2005 signed into law by President George W. Bush. This was extended through 2012 in legislation passed by Congress and signed by President Barack Obama on Dec 17, 2010. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (signed on January 2, 2013) made qualified dividends a permanent part of the tax code but added a 20% rate on income in the new highest 39.6% tax bracket.As a result: Ordinary dividend and short-term capital gain: Tax rate is same as ordinary income tax rate.  Qualified dividend and long-term capital gain: Tax rate is 0% for the 10%–15% brackets; 15% for the 25%–35% brackets; and 20% for the 39.6% bracket.When the taxable gain or loss resulting from the sale of an asset is calculated, its cost basis is subtracted from the amount realized on the sale. The cost basis is equal to the purchase price, adjusted for certain factors such as fees paid (brokerage fees, certain legal fees, sales fees) and depreciation."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Americans_in_the_United_States_Congress> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The first African Americans to serve in the United States Congress were Republicans elected during the Reconstruction Era.  After slaves were emancipated and granted citizenship rights, freedmen gained political representation in the Southern United States for the first time.   White Democrats regained political power in state legislatures across the South and worked to restore white supremacy. By the presidential election of 1876, only three state legislatures were not controlled by white Democrats. The Compromise of 1877 completed the period of Redemption by white Democratic Southerners, with the withdrawal of federal troops from the South. State legislatures began to pass Jim Crow laws to establish racial segregation and restrict labor rights, movement and organizing by blacks. They passed some laws to restrict voter registration, aimed at suppressing the black vote.From 1890-1908, Democratic state legislatures in the South essentially disfranchised most blacks and many poor whites from voting by passing new constitutions or amendments, or other laws related to more restrictive electoral and voter registration and electoral rules.  The Democratic Party essentially dominated the \"Solid South\" until the 1960s.  As a result of the African-American Civil Rights Movement, the U.S. Congress passed laws in the mid-1960s to end segregation and enforce constitutional civil rights and voting rights.During two waves of massive migration within the United States in the first half of the 20th century, more than 6 million African Americans moved from the South to Northeastern, Midwestern and Western industrial cities, with 5 million migrating from 1940 to 1970. Some were elected to national political office from their new locations. During the Great Depression, many black voters switched allegiances from the Republican Party to the Democratic Party, in support of the New Deal economic, social network, and work policies of Franklin D. Roosevelt's administration. This trend continued in the 1960s when the national Democratic Party supported the civil rights legislation to enforce constitutional rights.  At the same time, there was a different movement among whites in the South, who began to vote for Republican candidates for national and then state offices.A total of 139 African Americans have served in the United States Congress, mostly in the United States House of Representatives. This includes five non-voting members of the House of Representatives who have represented the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  An additional House candidate, John Willis Menard, was elected in 1868 but never seated due to an election dispute.Nine African Americans have served in the U.S. Senate, four in the Republican Party. Two African Americans served as Senators from Mississippi during the Reconstruction Era and one from Massachusetts during the 1960s and 1970s. The remaining six served more recently: five Democrats, three from Illinois (including Barack Obama), one from Massachusetts and one from New Jersey; and one Republican from South Carolina."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_E._Kálmán> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rudolf (Rudy) Emil Kálmán (Hungarian: Kálmán Rudolf Emil; born May 19, 1930) is a Hungarian-born American electrical engineer, mathematician, and inventor. He is most noted for his co-invention and development of the Kalman filter, a mathematical algorithm that is widely used in signal processing, control systems, and Guidance, navigation and control. For this work, U.S. President Barack Obama rewarded Kálmán with the National Medal of Science on October 7, 2009."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imbecile> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Imbecile was a medical category of people with moderate to severe intellectual disability, as well as a type of criminal. The term arises from the Latin word imbecillus, meaning weak, or weak-minded. It included people with an IQ of 21–50, between \"moron\" (IQ of 51–70) and \"idiot\" (IQ of 0–20).The meaning was further refined into mental and moral imbecility. The concepts of \"moral insanity\", \"moral idiocy\",\" and \"moral imbecility\", led to the emerging field of eugenic criminology, which held that crime can be reduced by preventing \"feeble-minded\" people from reproducing.\"Imbecile\" as a concrete classification was popularized by psychologist Henry H. Goddard and was used in 1927 by United States Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. in his ruling in the forced-sterilization case Buck v. Bell, 274 U.S. 200 (1927).The concept is closely associated with psychology, psychiatry, criminology, and eugenics. However, the term imbecile quickly passed into vernacular usage as a derogatory term, and fell out of professional use in the 20th century in favor of mental retardation.In recent decades, the phrases \"mental retardation\", \"mentally retarded\", and \"retarded\" initially used in a medical manner, are regarded as derogatory and politically incorrect much like moron, imbecile, cretin, dolt and idiot, formerly used as scientific terms in the early 20th century. On October 5, 2010, President Barack Obama signed Senate Bill 2781, known as \"Rosa's Law\", which changed references in many Federal statutes that referred to \"mental retardation\" to refer instead to \"intellectual disability\"."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Volcker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul Adolph Volcker, Jr. (born September 5, 1927) is an American economist. He was Chairman of the Federal Reserve under Presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan from August 1979 to August 1987. He is widely credited with ending the high levels of inflation seen in the United States during the 1970s and early 1980s. He was the chairman of the Economic Recovery Advisory Board under President Barack Obama from February 2009 until January 2011."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States presidential election of 2008 was the 56th quadrennial presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 4, 2008. Democratic Party nominee Senator Barack Obama and running mate Senator Joe Biden defeated Republican Party nominee Senator John McCain and running mate Governor Sarah Palin.McCain secured the Republican nomination by March 2008, but the Democratic nomination was marked by a sharp contest between Obama and initial frontrunner Senator Hillary Clinton, with Obama not securing the nomination until early June. Early campaigning had focused heavily on the Iraq War and the unpopularity of outgoing Republican President George W. Bush, but all candidates focused on domestic concerns as well, which grew more prominent as the economy experienced the onset of the Great Recession and a major financial crisis that peaked in September 2008.Obama would go on to win a decisive victory over McCain, winning both the popular vote and the electoral college, with 365 electoral votes to McCain's 173; he received the largest percentage of the popular vote for a Democrat in nearly a half-century. Obama's successes in obtaining a major party's nomination and winning the general election were both firsts for an African American. Although Hillary Clinton did not win the Democratic nomination, she was the first woman to win a major American party's presidential primary for the purposes of delegate selection when she won the primary in New Hampshire on January 8. She also was the first woman to be an American presidential candidate in every primary and caucus in every state. Similarly, Sarah Palin became the first woman to appear on a Republican presidential ticket, and the second woman overall to appear on a major party's presidential ticket (after Geraldine Ferraro in 1984).This was notable as the first election since 1952 where neither of the two major candidates were either the incumbent president or vice president. Obama's total vote amount of 69.5 million votes is the highest amount ever won by a presidential candidate."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-state_solution> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The one-state solution and the similar binational solution are proposed approaches to resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Proponents of a binational solution to the conflict advocate a single state in Israel, the West Bank, and possibly the Gaza Strip, with citizenship and equal rights in the combined entity for all inhabitants of all three territories, without regard to ethnicity or religion. While some advocate this solution for ideological reasons, others feel simply that, due to the reality on the ground, it is the de facto situation.Though increasingly debated in academic circles, this approach has remained outside the range of official efforts to resolve the conflict as well as mainstream analysis, where it is eclipsed by the two-state solution. The two-state solution was most recently agreed upon in principle by the government of Israel and the Palestinian Authority  at the November 2007 Annapolis Conference and remains the conceptual basis for negotiations proposed by the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama in 2011. Interest in a one-state solution is growing, however, as the two-state approach fails to accomplish a final agreement."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Davis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Artur Genestre Davis (born October 9, 1967) is an American attorney and politician. Davis served as a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives for Alabama's 7th congressional district from 2003 to 2011. He was also a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Alabama in the 2010 election. After losing in the primary, he moved to Virginia and joined the Republican Party. He is running for Mayor of Montgomery, Alabama in the 2015 election.Davis was an early supporter of Barack Obama's 2008 bid for the presidency, and one of the national co-chairs for Obama's 2008 campaign. Known for his oratorical skills, Davis made one of the nominating speeches for Obama at the 2008 Democratic National Convention. While serving on the House Ways and Means Committee, Davis was the first African American member of Congress to advocate that Committee Chairman Charles B. Rangel surrender his gavel in the wake of ethics charges. In 2009 and 2010 Davis, voted against the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the only member of the Congressional Black Caucus to do so.In 2009, Davis sought to become Alabama's first African American Governor. In attempting to appeal to a broader electorate, he lost the support of black voters by opposing national health care reform and failing to meet with certain black political groups. He lost in the Democratic primary to Agriculture Commissioner Ron Sparks, a more liberal Democrat. Davis changed his party affiliation to the Republican Party in 2012.Shortly after, Davis announced he would not be running for re-election to the House in 2010, instead returning to the practice of law. He subsequently moved to Virginia and joined the Republican Party. A 1990s honors graduate of Harvard University and Harvard Law School, in 2012 Davis became a visiting fellow at the Harvard Institute of Politics. He also began writing a column for the conservative National Review. He considered for Congress as a Republican in the 2014 House elections in Virginia but did not do so. A resident of Virginia from 2011 until 2014, Davis spoke at the 2012 Republican National Convention in support of the Republican nominee for President, Mitt Romney. He is currently running for Mayor of Montgomery, Alabama in the 2015 election."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Solis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hilda Lucia Solis (/sɵˈliːs/; born October 20, 1957) is an American politician and a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors for District 1. Solis previously served as the 25th United States Secretary of Labor from 2009 to 2013, as part of the administration of President Barack Obama. She is a member of the Democratic Party and served in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2009, representing the 31st and 32nd congressional districts of California that include East Los Angeles and the San Gabriel Valley.Solis was raised in La Puente, California, by immigrant parents from Nicaragua and Mexico. She gained degrees from the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona and the University of Southern California and worked for two federal agencies in Washington, D.C. Returning to her native state, she was elected to the Rio Hondo Community College Board of Trustees in 1985, the California State Assembly in 1992, and the California State Senate in 1994. She was the first Hispanic woman to serve in the State Senate, and was reelected there in 1998. Solis sought to pass environmental justice legislation. She was the first female recipient of the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award in 2000.Solis defeated a long-time Democratic incumbent as part of getting elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 2000, where she focused mainly on labor causes and environmental work. She was reelected easily to four subsequent terms. In December 2008, President-elect Barack Obama announced his intention to nominate Solis as the next U.S. Secretary of Labor. She took office after being confirmed by the United States Senate in February 2009, becoming the first Hispanic woman to serve in the U.S. Cabinet.  There she focused on workplace safety issues and on strengthening compliance with wage and hour laws. In January 2013, Solis stepped down from her post as Labor Secretary.Returning to the area of her upbringing, in April 2014 Solis formally announced a campaign for a seat on the non-partisan Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. Solis won the seat outright in a June 3 election and was sworn in on December 1."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ryan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul Davis Ryan (born January 29, 1970) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party who has served as the United States Representative for Wisconsin's 1st congressional district since 1999 and as Chairman of the House Budget Committee since 2011. He was the Republican Party nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2012 election.On August 11, 2012, Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney announced that he had selected Ryan to be his vice-presidential running mate. Ryan was officially nominated at the Republican convention in Tampa on August 29, 2012.On November 6, 2012, Romney and Ryan were defeated in the general election by the incumbents Barack Obama and Joe Biden, although Ryan won reelection to his congressional seat.On December 10, 2013, Ryan and Democratic Senator Patty Murray announced that they had negotiated a two-year, bipartisan budget, known as the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013. The budget agreement was the first to pass Congress with the two chambers controlled by different parties since 1986."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Rush> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bobby Lee Rush (born November 23, 1946) is the U.S. Representative for Illinois's 1st congressional district, serving since 1993. The district is located principally on the South Side of Chicago with its population percentage being 65% African-American, higher than any other congressional district in the nation.A member of the Democratic Party, he holds the distinction of being the only person to defeat President Barack Obama in an election, as he did in the 2000 Democratic primary for Illinois' 1st congressional district."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Jackson,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jesse Louis Jackson, Jr. (born March 11, 1965) is a former Democratic American Congressman who represented Illinois's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1995 until his resignation in 2012. He is the son of activist and former presidential candidate Jesse Jackson, and, prior to his career in elected office, worked for his father in both the elder Jackson's 1984 presidential campaign and his social justice, civil rights and political activism organization, Operation PUSH. Jackson's wife, Sandi Jackson, served on the Chicago City Council. He served as a national co-chairman of the 2008 Barack Obama presidential campaign. Jackson established a consistent liberal record on both social and fiscal issues, and he has co-authored books on civil rights and personal finance.In October 2012, Jackson was investigated for financial improprieties including misuse of campaign funds. Jackson resigned from Congress on November 21, 2012, citing mental and physical health problems, including bipolar disorder, clinical depression, and gastrointestinal problems. On February 8, 2013, Jackson admitted to violating federal campaign law by using campaign funds to make personal purchases. Jackson pleaded guilty on February 20, 2013 to one count of wire and mail fraud. On August 14, 2013, he was sentenced to 30 months in federal prison."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahm_Emanuel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rahm Israel Emanuel (/ˈrɑːm/; born November 29, 1959) is an American politician who serves as the 55th Mayor of Chicago. A member of the Democratic Party, Emanuel was elected in 2011, becoming Chicago's first Jewish mayor.Born in Chicago, Emanuel is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College and Northwestern University. Working early in his career in Democratic politics, Emanuel was appointed as director of the finance committee for Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign. In 1993, he joined the Clinton administration, where he served as the Assistant to the President for Political Affairs and as the Senior Advisor to the President for Policy and Strategy before resigning in 1998. Beginning a career in finance, Emanuel worked at the investment bank Wasserstein Perella & Co. from 1998 to 2002 and served on the board of directors of Freddie Mac.In 2002, Emanuel ran for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives vacated by Rod Blagojevich, who had resigned to run for Governor of Illinois. Emanuel won the first of three terms representing Illinois's 5th congressional district, a seat he held from 2003 to 2009. During his tenure in the House, Emanuel held two Democratic leadership positions, serving as the Chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee from 2005 to 2007 and as the Chair of the House Democratic Caucus from 2007 to 2009. After the 2008 presidential election, President Barack Obama appointed Emanuel to serve as White House Chief of Staff.In October 2010, Emanuel resigned as chief of staff to run as a candidate in Chicago's 2011 mayoral election. Because of questions over his eligibility to run for mayor, Emanuel's candidacy was initially rejected by the  Illinois First District Appellate Court, though he was later found eligible to run in a unanimous decision by the Supreme Court of Illinois. Emanuel won with 55% of the vote over five other candidates in the nonpartisan mayoral election, succeeding 22-year incumbent Richard M. Daley."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Kirk> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark Steven Kirk (born September 15, 1959) is the junior United States Senator from Illinois and a member of the Republican Party. Previously, Kirk was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, representing Illinois's 10th congressional district.Born in Champaign, Illinois, he graduated from Cornell University, the London School of Economics, and Georgetown University Law Center. He practiced law throughout the 1980s and 1990s. He joined the United States Navy Reserve as a Direct Commission Officer in the Intelligence career field in 1989 and was recalled to active duty for the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia. He participated in Operation Northern Watch in Iraq the following year. He attained the rank of Commander and retired from the Navy Reserve in 2013.Kirk was elected to the House in 2000. During his fifth term in November 2010 he won two concurrent elections: to finish the final months of former Senator Barack Obama's term and to serve the next six-year term. He was sworn in on November 29, 2010, and began a six-year Senate term in January 2011.  In January 2012, Kirk suffered a stroke, and a full year passed before he returned to his congressional duties."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Granholm> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jennifer Mulhern Granholm (born February 5, 1959) is a Canadian-born American politician, educator, author, and political commentator who served as Attorney General and 47th governor of the U.S. state of Michigan. A member of the Democratic Party, Granholm became Michigan's first female governor on January 1, 2003 when she succeeded Governor John Engler. Granholm was reelected on November 7, 2006 and was sworn in for her second – and, owing to term limits, final – term on January 1, 2007. She was a member of the presidential transition team for Barack Obama before he assumed office on January 20, 2009. After leaving office Granholm took a position at the University of California at Berkeley and, with her husband Daniel Mulhern, coauthored A Governor's Story: The Fight for Jobs and America's Future, released in September 2011. Later she became host of The War Room with Jennifer Granholm on Current TV."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Northup> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anne Meagher Northup (born January 22, 1948) is an American Republican politician from the state of Kentucky. From 1997 to 2007, she represented the Louisville-centered 3rd congressional district of Kentucky in the United States House of Representatives, where she served on the powerful House Appropriations Committee. She lost reelection to Democratic politician John Yarmuth in the 2006 election. She then ran for governor, losing by 15 points to embattled Governor of Kentucky Ernie Fletcher in the Republican primary election for the 2007 Kentucky gubernatorial election. Prior to her election to the United States House of Representatives, Northup had served in the Kentucky House of Representatives.Northup ran again for her old congressional seat in the 2008 election, losing again to Yarmuth.On July 30, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Northup to a seat on the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), and she was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 7.  The seat was a Republican seat by statute and was the choice of the Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell.  She was one of the few government regulators who previously served in Congress. She left the Commission on Oct. 26, 2012."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Watt> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Melvin Luther \"Mel\" Watt (born August 26, 1945) is an American politician who has been Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency since 2014. Previously he served as the United States Representative for North Carolina's 12th congressional district from 1993 to 2014. He is a member of the Democratic Party. An attorney from Charlotte, North Carolina, Watt also served one term as a state Senator and served as campaign manager for Charlotte Mayor Harvey Gantt.On May 1, 2013, President Barack Obama nominated Watt as the next head of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which among other agencies, administers or has oversight for the FHA, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac.  The U.S. Senate confirmed Watt on December 10, 2013."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Echo_Hawk> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Larry J. Echo Hawk (born August 2, 1948) is an attorney, legal scholar and politician. In 2012 he was named as a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).  On May 20, 2009, Echo Hawk joined the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama as the United States Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs. He previously served as the elected Attorney General of Idaho from 1991 to 1995, being the first Native American elected to that position. He also served two terms in the State House of Idaho."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erskine_Bowles> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Erskine Boyce Bowles (/ˈɜrskən ˈboʊlz/; born August 8, 1945) is an American businessman and political figure from North Carolina. He served from 2005 to 2010 as the president of the University of North Carolina system.  In 1997–98 he served as White House Chief of Staff and he also ran unsuccessfully for a North Carolina United States Senate seat in 2002 and 2004. In 2010 Bowles served as the Democratic co-chair of President Barack Obama's National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform with Alan K. Simpson. Bowles and Simpson co-lead a business group, The Campaign to Fix the Debt."@en .corpus15.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Blagojevich> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rod Blagojevich /bləˈɡɔɪ.əvɪtʃ/ (born December 10, 1956) is a former politician who served as the 40th Governor of Illinois from 2003 to 2009. A Democrat, Blagojevich was a State Representative before being elected to the United States House of Representatives representing parts of Chicago. He was elected governor in 2002,  the first Democrat to win the office since Dan Walker's victory 30 years earlier. In March 2012, Blagojevich began serving a 14-year sentence in federal prison following conviction for corruption including the soliciting of bribes for political appointments including the 2008 vacant U.S. Senate seat of then-President-Elect Barack Obama, while in public office."@en .corpus150.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Pipeline> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Keystone Pipeline System is an oil pipeline system in Canada and the United States, commissioned since 2010.It runs from the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin in Alberta to refineries in Illinois and Texas, and also to oil tank farms and oil pipeline distribution center in Cushing, Oklahoma.Three phases of the project are in operation, and the fourth is awaiting U.S. government approval. They are: The Keystone Pipeline (Phase I), delivering oil from Hardisty, Alberta 3,456-kilometre (2,147 mi) to the junction at Steele City, Nebraska and on to Wood River Refinery in Roxana, Illinois and Patoka Oil Terminal Hub (tank farm) north of Patoka, Illinois, completed in June 2010. The Keystone-Cushing extension (Phase II), running 480-kilometre (300 mi) from Steele City to storage and distribution facilities (tank farm) at Cushing, Oklahoma, completed in February 2011. The Gulf Coast Extension (Phase III), running 784-kilometre (487 mi) from Cushing to refineries at Port Arthur, Texas was completed in January 2014, and a lateral pipeline to refineries at Houston, Texas and a terminal will be completed in mid-2015. The proposed Keystone XL Pipeline (Phase IV), which would essentially duplicate the Phase I pipeline between Hardisty, Alberta, and Steele City, Nebraska, with a shorter route and a larger-diameter pipe.  It would run through Baker, Montana, where American-produced light crude oil from the Williston Basin (Bakken formation) of Montana and North Dakota would be added to the Keystone's current throughput of synthetic crude oil (syncrude) and diluted bitumen (dilbit) from the oil sands of Canada.The first two phases have the capacity to deliver up to 590,000 barrels per day (94,000 m3/d) of oil into the Mid-West refineries. Phase III has capacity to deliver up to 700,000 barrels per day (110,000 m3/d) to the Texas refineries.  By comparison, U.S. oil production was about 9,000,000 barrels per day (1,400,000 m3/d) in early November, 2014; and in the preceding twelve months through August 2014, the US imported an average of about 7.5 million barrels of oil per day.The Keystone XL proposal faces criticism from environmentalists and a minority of the members of the United States Congress. In January 2012, President Barack Obama rejected the application amid protests about the pipeline's impact on Nebraska's environmentally sensitive Sand Hills region. TransCanada Corporation changed the original proposed route of Keystone XL to minimize \"disturbance of land, water resources and special areas\"; the new route was approved by Nebraska Governor Dave Heineman in January 2013. On April 18, 2014 the Obama administration announced that the review of the controversial Keystone XL oil pipeline has been extended indefinitely, pending the result of a legal challenge to a Nebraska pipeline siting law that could change the route. On January 9, 2015, the Nebraska Supreme Court cleared the way for construction, and on the same day the House voted in favor of the pipeline. As of January 29, 2015 the Keystone XL Pipeline has been passed by the Senate 62-36."@en .corpus150.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Kang> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Emil J. Kang (born 1968 in New York) serves as the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's first Executive Director for the Arts, a senior administrative post created to help unify and elevate the performing arts at the University. In his first season, Emil Kang introduced the University’s first major performing arts series, inaugurated in conjunction with the grand re-opening of the University’s main performing arts venue, Memorial Hall. Emil Kang also co-teaches courses in artistic entrepreneurship and performance theory. Kang is also a member of the music faculty and currently serves as Professor of the Practice.Prior to coming to Chapel Hill, Emil Kang served as President and Executive Director of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra (DSO).Emil Kang has also held positions of Vice President of Operations for the DSO, Orchestra Manager for the Seattle Symphony, and Orchestra Management Fellow with the American Symphony Orchestra League (ASOL). As an Orchestra Management Fellow, Kang worked with symphony orchestras in San Francisco, Houston, and Grand Rapids, Michigan.He is a frequent speaker and has led numerous local, state and national outreach efforts. He has also chaired panels for the National Endowment for the Arts,the Pew Charitable Trusts, the Full Frame International Documentary Film Festival, and the Michigan Council for Arts and Cultural Affairs, among others.Emil Kang was the youngest and first Asian-American to hold the top administrative post of a major symphony orchestra. Kang was recently named \"Tar Heel of the Week\" by the News and Observer (NC). Kang was selected by Crain’s Detroit Business “40 under 40,” is a graduate of Leadership Detroit, and has served on national boards including Henry Ford Hospital and United Neighborhood Centers of America.Kang has served on the boards of the Association of Performing Arts Presenters (APAP), North Carolina Symphony the Thomas S. Kenan Institute for the Arts at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts. Kang has also been a member of Young Presidents’ Organization (YPO) and completed the Strategic Perspectives in Non-Profit Management program at Harvard Business School. He holds a degree in Economics from the University of Rochester in New York.On Tuesday, May 8, 2012, President Barack Obama announced his intent to nominate him, pending U.S. Senate confirmation, as a Member of the National Council on the Arts. He replaces Benjamin Donenberg, whose term was expiring. Kang's term will last until September 3, 2018.On September 22, 2012, Kang was confirmed by The United States Senate to a six-year term on the National Council on the Arts.\"Your First Classical Music Crush\" - The New York Times on July 18, 2013  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/18/arts/your-first-crush.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0\"UNC Arts Director Sets His Own Path\" - News and Observer http://www.chapelhillnews.com/2011/10/16/v-print/67425/uncs-arts-director-set-his-own.html"@en .corpus150.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Ceglie> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Marco Ceglie (b. 1973 in Livingston, New Jersey) is an American writer, producer, and freelance strategic media and messaging consultant.  He most recently co-founded the advocacy group The Other 98%, which made waves as an alternative to the Tea Party during their April 15, 2010 “anti-tax” rallies in Washington D.C.  Ceglie countered the Tea Party again on August 28, 2010, with his Celebrate The Dream project, which constructed a forty-foot art installation by the artist Michael Murphy.  The exhibit honored Dr. Martin Luther King’s fight for social justice on the 47th anniversary of King’s “I have a dream” speech while countering Glenn Beck’s “Restoring Honor” rally at the Lincoln Memorial. Between 2008 and 2010, Ceglie served as Executive Director of the non-profit Vote 18, a youth civics program that engaged teenagers to become civically involved and passionate about voting using an interactive, in-class teaching method.As a member of the satirical media campaign Billionaires For Bush, Ceglie was chosen as the Campaign Director for the group’s National “Get on the Limo”  Tour . In March 2005, Ceglie led the Billionaire “auction” of Social Security on eBay in May to protest the Bush Administration’s plan to privatize the government program.  In 2006 he co-hosted the “Big Business Minute”, a satirical TV news segment that aired weekly on I.N.N. between 2005 and 2006.  He also starred in “Get on the Limo”, a mockumentary produced by Oddly Honest Productions. Ceglie also teaches Andrew Boyd’s “Culture Jamming 101” activism course at conferences and universities, and continues to appear and speak publicly both in character as a Billionaire For Bush, as well as himself when speaking about the group’s tactics and campaigns.  During the 2009 Healthcare debate, Billionaires For Bush became known as Billionaires For Wealthcare, which gained wide recognition by Rachel Maddow and others after it stormed the Tea Party’s 2009 Sept 12th rally in Washington D.C. Following the 2004 election, Ceglie co-founded WhereDoWeGo.org, a website project that provided “an ideas and discussion forum for progressives feeling lost and let down after so many months of hard work.” In 2006, Ceglie served as the Outreach Coordinator for BringThemHomeNow.com, a website launched to raise money and awareness for four citizen groups working to end the war.In 2007, Ceglie, along with Andrew Boyd and Chuck Collins (co-founders of Billionaires for Bush) focused the Billionaires For Bush meme in favor of preserving the estate tax.  During that time Ceglie was featured in a series of New York Times articles breaking the story about the NYPD surveillance of activist groups during the 2004 RNC.City Police Spied Broadly Before G.O.P ConventionCity Asks Court Not to Unseal Police Spy FilesHow to Tell a Billionaire From a BomberOutside of the Billionaires for Bush meme, Ceglie produces viral videos for non-profits and political campaigns.  Among his most notable were his “Bush Hates Santa” video for the Center for Constitutional Rights and “No, You Can’t”, a parody of will.i.am’s YouTube tribute to Barack Obama “Yes, We Can”.  “No, You Can’t” became part of the will.i.am phenomenon and was featured in the New York Times, CNN, Salon, and the Wall St. journal, among numerous blogs.Others include his interruption of AHIP’s 2009 conference with a guerrilla musical to the tune of “Annie,” and the March 9th, 2010 “Stop Big Insurance” rally follow up with the Healthcare for America Now.  The musical was feathered on Rachael Maddow’s show, CNN’s The Situation Room and many blogs. Ceglie also co-wrote Surveillance, with Scott Cate in 2003. An early draft of the novel was self-published in 2004. He received his BA in English Literature from Arizona State University in 2000.  Ceglie lives in Brooklyn, New York, and is currently writing Democracy is a Joke!, a non-fiction piece that explores the use of humor to effect change in the public discourse and policy."@en .corpus150.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Chavez_Day> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cesar Chavez Day is an  American national commemorative holiday aimed to celebrate the birth and enduring legacy of the American civil rights and labor movement activist Cesar Chavez, on March 31st.  The day is commemorated to promote service to the community in honor of Cesar Chavez's life and work. Some state government offices, community colleges, and libraries are closed. Many public schools are also closed. Texas also recognizes the day, and it is an optional holiday in Arizona (official holiday in the city of Phoenix, Arizona) and Colorado. Although it is not a federal holiday, President Barack Obama proclaimed March 31 as Cesar Chavez Day in the United States, with Americans being urged to \"observe this day with appropriate service, community, and educational programs to honor Cesar Chavez's enduring legacy.\"  In addition, there are celebrations in his honor in Arizona, Michigan, Nebraska, and New Mexico and has been observed in California since 1995, in Texas since 2000 and in Colorado since 2003 as state holidays (optional in Texas and Colorado).As a senator, Barack Obama made a call in 2008 for a national holiday in Chavez's honor, saying: \"Chavez left a legacy as an educator, environmentalist, and a civil rights leader. And his cause lives on. As farm workers and laborers across America continue to struggle for fair treatment and fair wages, we find strength in what Cesar Chavez accomplished so many years ago. And we should honor him for what he's taught us about making America a stronger, more just, and more prosperous nation. That's why I support the call to make Cesar Chavez's birthday a national holiday. It's time to recognize the contributions of this American icon to the ongoing efforts to perfect our union.\"  (Senator Barack Obama March 31, 2008)  Grassroots organizations continue to advocate to create a national holiday. On March 30, 2011, President Obama reiterated his support for the cause: \"Cesar Chavez's legacy provides lessons from which all Americans can learn.\"Cesar Chavez Day has been celebrated in Reno, Nevada, since 2003. A state law passed in 2009 (AB 301) requires Nevada's governor to annually issue a proclamation declaring March 31 as Cesar Chavez Day.On March 28, 2014, President Obama used his authority to proclaim March 31 as the national Cesar Chavez Day."@en .corpus151.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Lee_Ettinger> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Amber Lee Ettinger (born October 2, 1982) is an American actress, Internet celebrity, and model.Ettinger is notable for portraying Obama Girl in Barely Political's June 2007 Internet video \"I Got a Crush... on Obama\", in which she expressed her admiration of then-U.S. Senator Barack Obama. The video led to numerous sketch comedy appearances and interviews, including Saturday Night Live, Geraldo at Large, The O'Reilly Factor, and Hannity."@en .corpus151.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Free_Right> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Free Right (La Droite libre) is a liberal-conservative faction within the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) founded and led by Rachid Kaci and Alexandre del Valle. The Free Right is formed mostly by members of Liberal Democracy, though Kaci was close the souverainiste Charles Pasqua at one time. In the 2002 leadership election, the party obtained 3.17% of the votes running for President of the UMP. During the American election in 2008, the faction supported the Republican ticket of John McCain and Sarah Palin, while most French political elites supported Barack Obama.The UMP deputies Yannick Favennec, Étienne Blanc and François d'Aubert are members of The Free Right."@en .corpus151.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Kate> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Citizen Kate is a web series and video blog about Citizen Kate Soglin, a young \"citizen journalist,\" who gives the outsider’s view of inside politics. Citizen Kate was one of the first Citizen Journalists to hit the 2008 presidential campaign trail. She started her video blog coverage on February 10, 2007 at Barack Obama's announcement to run for President in Springfield, Illinois. She has filed several vblogs about the Presidential Campaign and Politics on her web site CitizenKate.tv since. When the Butter Head of Barack Obama became a national story, jokingly cited by Keith Olberman on his show \"Countdown\" for MSNBC as the reason behind his last minute bump in the polls, no one credited Citizen Kate for both coming up with the idea for Duffy Lyon \"the Butter Lady of Iowa\" and for paying for the sculpture. Citizen Kate proceeded to air the video on her website CitizenKate.tv seed blogs and send notes to reporters asking to be credited. Only ReelChicago.com  credited her.Her quest to meet Obama and find out what it takes to be a \"Great Leader\" landed her on prezvid.com, a site created by Jeff Jarvis, covering the YouTube Campaign 2008. The site identified Citizen Kate as the first Obama stalker, which led to a mention of her in the Chicago Tribune on February 26, 2007. The Tribune story was also picked up by The Economist Global Technology Forum. In April 2007, YouTube's CitizenTube editor highlighted Citizen Kate's \"crush\" on Obama and demonstration of \"serious pluck\" in the YouTube Staff Picks of the Week. People have described Citizen Kate as \"half valley girl, half Michael Moore\", legally blonde, a \"YouTube Hottie\", an enterprising reporter, and funny.Without any experience in either politics or reporting, Citizen Kate attends political events, where she talks with Senators, Delegates, and Presidential Candidates in order to uncover the political process. She caught the attention of the media when she attended the 2007 California Democratic Convention in San Diego, where she interviewed Senator Chris Dodd and asked Senator John Edwards a question during his press conference. When Kate asked Edwards for a job, he appeared visibly nervous. [1] The resemblance to his alleged mistress was striking - blond, leopard print headband, party girl, with video camera.Citizen Kate also publishes her News & Politics videos on YouTube, along with a written blog about her experience on MySpace. Veoh, the original distributors of the Prom Queen web series, features Citizen Kate on their site each week and launched the first Citizen Kate Channel."@en .corpus152.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/TexAgs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "TexAgs is an independent Texas A&M University fan website. It features articles, chat, forums, and recruiting information about Texas A&M Aggie sports. Receiving an average of 500,000 hits per day, as of June 2008, TexAgs was the sixth most-visited college sports website and the most visited NCAA Division I-A website. From May 2006 to June 2007, the website received an average of 196,000 monthly unique visitors.TexAgs was created by Peter Kuo in May 1997 and sold to its current operators in December 1999. When it debuted, TexAgs only had 2,000-3,000 members, and forums only discussed Aggie football. In February 2007, The Association of Former Students announced a marketing partnership with TexAgs.com. Presently, there are more than 30 different forums and 60,000+ users. The website never used any form of advertising for promotion, as it grew popular via word of mouth.Notable forum posts include one that disclosed that former University of Oklahoma quarterback Rhett Bomar received payment for non-worked hours from a local auto dealership seven months before the University kicked the player off of the team and reported the infraction to the NCAA. Former University President and current U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has posted as \"Ranger65\".  In April 2010, TexAgs gained national attention when a forum member posting as \"dermdoc\" posted of terminating an employee because of increased costs due to Obamacare.  The employee happened to have voted for President Barack Obama. Texas A&M graduate and US Astronaut Mike Fossum posted late on July 29, 2011 from the International Space Station using an account TexAgs staff set up for him earlier that day.TexAgs has nine full-time employees, including the owner, Brandon Jones. Message boards are moderated by twenty volunteers.In 2009, the website became an affiliate of ESPN.com as part the 20 college TEAM Sports Network.On August 22, 2011, TexAgs radio was launched as a daily Aggie sports talk show on KZNE 1150 the Zone. Hosts include Gabe Bock and Billy Luicci."@en .corpus152.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Beth_Maxwell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mary Beth Maxwell was the founding executive director of American Rights at Work and the author of the organization's inaugural report. Maxwell was chosen in April 2009 by President Barack Obama to be senior advisor in the United States Department of Labor.While at Labor she has served as both the acting Administrator of the U.S. Department of Labor's Wage and Hour Division, and acting Assistant Secretary for Policy."@en .corpus152.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Pearcy_(activist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stephen Pearcy (born March 4, 1960) is a probate, estate planning, income tax and business transactions attorney in Sacramento, California.  In 1999 and 2000, during the dot-com bubble, Pearcy was a corporate attorney at Gray Cary Ware & Freidenrich LLP (now DLA Piper) in Palo Alto, and focused on venture capital financing and public offering transactions.  Not previously known for being politically outspoken, Pearcy made national news in February 2005 after displaying a stuffed American soldier's uniform hung with a noose on his home with the words, “Your Tax Dollars at Work.” After someone tore down that display, he replaced it with a similar display with the words, “Bush Lied, I Died.” That display was also torn down. Both vandalisms occurred while TV news crews were present and were captured on film, but the Sacramento District Attorney’s office declined to prosecute the vandals.  Pearcy eventually won a $5,000 judgment against one of the vandals, and he received and out-of-court settlement for $3,500 from another.In August 2005, Pearcy made national news again when he exhibited a painting at the California Department of Justice in Sacramento showing a star-spangled map of the United States being flushed down a toilet. The painting included the words, \"T'anks to Mr. Bush!\" The art exhibit was controversial and generated a protest and counterprotest event that once again included supporters of the exhibition facing off with opponents of the exhibition.Pearcy remained politically active until around 2007, just before Barack Obama was elected.  He has written articles for the San Francisco Daily Journal, CounterPunch, the Smirking Chimp, the Sacramento News & Review and Dissident Voice."@en .corpus153.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundraising_for_the_2008_United_States_presidential_election> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In the 2008 United States presidential election, fundraising increased significantly compared to the levels achieved in previous presidential elections.According to required campaign filings as reported by the Federal Election Commission (FEC), 148 candidates for all parties collectively raised $1,644,712,232 and spent $1,601,104,696 for the primary and general campaigns combined through November 24, 2008. The amounts raised and spent by the major candidates, according to the same source, were as follows:Democratic Party candidate Barack Obama created a broad grassroots movement and a new method of campaigning by courting and mobilizing activists, donations, and voters through the Internet (see grassroots fundraising. It was part of a campaign that mobilized grassroots workers in every state. Obama also set fundraising records in more than one month by gaining support from a record-breaking number of individual small donors.The reported cost of campaigning for president has increased significantly in recent years. One source reported that if the costs for both Democratic and Republican campaigns were added together (for the presidential primary election, general election, and the political conventions), the costs have more than doubled in only eight years ($448.9 million in 1996, $649.5 million in 2000, and $1.01 billion in 2004). In January 2007, Federal Election Commission Chairman Michael E. Toner estimated that the 2008 race would be a $1 billion election, and that to be taken seriously, a candidate would have needed to raise at least $100 million by the end of 2007.Although he had said he would not be running for president, published reports in 2007 indicated that billionaire and New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg had been considering a presidential bid as an independent with up to $1 billion of his own fortune to finance it. Bloomberg ultimately ended this speculation by unequivocally stating that he would not run. Had Bloomberg decided to run, he would not have needed to campaign in the primary elections or participate in the conventions, reducing both the necessary length and cost of his campaign.With the increase in money expenditures, many candidates did not use the public financing system funded by the presidential election campaign fund checkoff. John McCain, Tom Tancredo, John Edwards, Chris Dodd, and Joe Biden qualified for and elected to take public funds throughout the primary process. Major Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama chose not to participate in the public financing system.Howard Dean collected large contributions through the Internet in his 2004 primary run. In 2008, candidates went even further to reach out to Internet users through their own sites and such sites as YouTube, MySpace, and Facebook.On December 16, 2007, Ron Paul collected $6 million, more money on a single day through Internet donations than any presidential candidate in US history.Fundraising plays a central role in many presidential campaigns and is a key factor in determining the viability of candidates.  Money raised is applied in many ways, such as for the salaries of non-volunteers in the campaign, transportation, campaign materials, and media advertisements.  Under United States law, candidates are required to file campaign finance details with the Federal Elections Commission (FEC) at the end of every calendar quarter.  Summaries of these reports are made available to the public shortly thereafter, revealing the relative financial situations of all the campaigns."@en .corpus153.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stasi_2.0> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The phrase Stasi 2.0 is the catchphrase of a civil rights campaign in Germany.The term originated in the blogosphere, combining the name of East Germany's former Ministry of State Security, commonly known as the \"Stasi\", with the concept of software versioning as used in the popular phrase \"Web 2.0\". The implication is that Stasi 2.0 is the modernized, updated and contemporary successor (or \"version\" in the software usage) of Stasi. The campaign focuses on the proposals of Wolfgang Schäuble, at that time Secretary of the Interior of Germany. Schäuble then proposed a preemptive security strategy, which critics contend bears similarities to the practices of the Stasi, but using current technology. His most disputed ideas involve his proposals for telecommunications data retention, his proposal to legalize military action of the Bundeswehr inside German borders, and his support for covert \"online searches\" of suspects' computer equipment. His latest proposal in particular has met stiff opposition from many prominent German netizens, as well as the Chaos Computer Club.Though Schäuble claims his proposals serve to protect a \"Right to Security\", no such right is recognized under the German constitution.The phrase Stasi 2.0 has been used by protestors criticising Barack Obama by likening him to a Stasi figure in The Lives of Others during the 2013 mass surveillance disclosures about the involvement of the National Security Agency in monitoring German communications, including those of chancellor Angela Merkel."@en .corpus153.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Biden_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Joe Biden presidential campaign, 2008 began when Biden, then the senior Senator from Delaware, announced his candidacy for President of the United States on the January 7, 2007 edition of Meet the Press. He officially became a candidate on January 31, 2007 after filing papers with the Federal Elections Commission. Biden had previously run for president in 1988, but failed to receive the nomination of the Democratic Party. If elected, Biden would have been the first sitting Senator and Roman Catholic to be president since John F. Kennedy, and the first President to be born during World War II. (b. 1942)During the campaign, Biden focused on his plan to achieve political success in the Iraq War through a system of federalization. He touted his record in the Senate as the head of several congressional committees and experience in foreign policy. Despite a few notable endorsements, Biden failed to garner significant support in opinion polls, and was marred by controversial comments made while campaigning. He ultimately dropped out of the race on January 3, 2008, after capturing less than 1% of the vote in the Iowa caucus.Seven months after conclusion of his campaign, Biden was selected to be Democratic nominee Barack Obama's running mate. The pair won in the general election, and were sworn in on January 20, 2009."@en .corpus153.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_court> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Health courts are proposed specialized courts for handling medical malpractice claims. They are characterized by the use of specially trained adjudicators, independent expert witnesses, and predictable damage awards. Successful administrative compensation systems currently exist in New Zealand and Scandinavia, and limited programs also operate in Florida and Virginia. The nonpartisan coalition Common Good, led by Philip K. Howard, and the Harvard School of Public Health have advocated implementing health courts on a wider scale in the U.S. The potential advantages of health courts include decreasing administrative costs, improving access to compensation for injured patients, and disincentivizing defensive medicine. By using trained judges and independent experts, health court advocates hope to achieve more fair outcomes at lower costs. Critics of the health courts concept contend that is ill-conceived, that it would be unfair to patients, that it would be unlikely to achieve its objectives, and that such of its goals as are reasonable can be achieved more fairly and with greater efficiency under the existing civil justice system. In addition, experts have suggested that health courts would be inevitably biased towards physicians, and that the bureaucracy needed to introduce safeguards against such bias would negate any cost savings.In February 2011, President Barack Obama's administration announced a $250 million fund in the fiscal year 2012 budget for medical malpractice reforms, with special emphasis on health courts."@en .corpus154.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gael_Murphy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gael Murphy, a resident of Washington, D.C., is an anti-war activist with Code Pink who has planned or participated in many of its high profile protests and activities against the Iraq war.Murphy worked in the Peace Corps and later as a public health officer in Zaire and Central America. She also was a foreign service officer and an aid contractor, gaining first hand experience of the mishandling of America's public policy.In 2002 she helped coordinate Code Pink's Women’s Peace Vigil held across from the White House. She heads up the group’s D.C. office. She is also a member of its executive committee. A Salon writer who interviewed Murphy in 2008 described her as a \"warmly robust, welcoming and intelligent presence with a firm handshake\" who was tough enough for hard questioning.In 2004 Murphy was the lead protester speaking out at a Senate hearing featuring then United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld.In 2004 she was arrested with fellow Code Pink founder Medea Benjamin inside The Republican National Convention.   She also participated in protests against the 2008 Republican convention.At an antiwar protest rally during United States President Barack Obama's Inauguration where protesters threw shoes at a balloon replica of George W. Bush, Murphy told protesters \"\"Hold onto your shoes. The struggle is not over.\"Ms. Murphy is among the activists featured in a recent anti-war documentary film, \"Finding Our Voices.\""@en .corpus154.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Lenny_Skutniks> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Lenny Skutniks\" are notable people who are invited to sit in the gallery at a State of the Union address or other joint meeting of the United States Congress. Lenny Skutnik was the first such guest, who was celebrated for his act of heroism following the crash of Air Florida Flight 90 on January 13, 1982. Skutnik dove into the icy Potomac River, saving the life of a passenger. For this act he was commended by U.S. President Ronald Reagan during the annual State of the Union speech held later that month. Since then, the term \"Lenny Skutniks\" has been used to refer to individuals invited to sit in the gallery, and often cited by the President, during the speech.  President Reagan's invitation, and the reference to Skutnik's heroism within his speech, may have been an attempt to include a human interest story within the speech. The practice fell out of favor during the presidency of George H. W. Bush. Bill Clinton restored the practice upon assuming the Presidency which has continued under George W. Bush and Barack Obama."@en .corpus154.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Tate> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Elizabeth Tate  (June 22, 1906 – September 11, 1999) was a civil rights advocate during the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s that desegregated African-Americans across the United States of America. She ran a boarding house in Iowa City for African-American students who were not allowed to use the normal university accommodation. During her service, she helped pave the way for African-American leaders to come aboard including the first African-American mayors of major American cities followed by the election of Barack Obama as the President of the United States."@en .corpus154.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Leonhart> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michele Marie Leonhart is an American career law enforcement officer and the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA).  Since the resignation of Administrator Karen P. Tandy in the fall of 2007, Leonhart also served as Acting Administrator of the DEA. On February 2, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Leonhart for the position of DEA Administrator; the nomination was sent to the Senate Judiciary Committee for consideration (nomination no. PN1430-111)."@en .corpus154.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_M._Radzely> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Howard Marc Radzely was the Deputy Secretary of Labor, the chief operating officer of the U.S. Department of Labor, a Cabinet agency with over 15,000 employees and an annual budget of over $50 billion, from December 19, 2007, through February 2, 2009. During that same period, Mr. Radzely also served on the board of directors for the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, a government agency that aids U.S. businesses in overseas investment and economic development, and he was a designated member of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, which monitors China’s human rights record and legal development.President George W. Bush designated Mr. Radzely the Acting Deputy Secretary of Labor effective January 24, 2007, and nominated him for the permanent position on May 10, 2007. Mr. Radzely was confirmed by the U.S. Senate as Deputy Secretary on December 19, 2007. Before serving as the Acting Deputy Secretary and Deputy Secretary, Mr. Radzely spent over three years as the Solicitor of Labor, the chief legal officer in the Department; he was confirmed as Solicitor on December 9, 2003.Mr. Radzely first joined the Department on June 4, 2001, as the Deputy Solicitor of Labor. He served as both the Deputy Solicitor and Acting Solicitor from June 2001 until January 2002. He also served as Acting Solicitor from January 2003 until his confirmation as Solicitor.Before joining the Department,  Radzely was an attorney in private practice in Washington, D.C., concentrating in labor and employment law. He graduated summa cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business and magna cum laude from the Harvard Law School, where he served on the Harvard Law Review.  After graduating from law school, but before entering private practice, Radzely clerked for the Honorable J. Michael Luttig, United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, and for the Honorable Antonin Scalia, Supreme Court of the United States.Radzely served as the Acting Secretary of Labor from January 20, 2009, until February 2, 2009. As of the latter date, President Barack Obama appointed Department of Labor Deputy Assistant Secretary Edward C. Hugler to act as Secretary.On July 1, 2009, Radzely joined the global law firm Morgan, Lewis & Bockius as a partner in its labor and employment law practice.Radzely and his wife Lisa have two children."@en .corpus155.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hott4Hill> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Hott4Hill\" is an internet viral music video, first posted on YouTube on July 2, 2007, that features a young woman singing of her love for Junior Senator of New York and 2008 U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton.  American singer and actress Taryn Southern wrote the song and performs in the video. \"Hott4Hill\" was directed and executive-produced by screenwriter David Garrett.The video is an answer video to the sexually-themed \"I Got a Crush on Obama\" video also found on YouTube, early in the video the singer refuses to answer an incoming cell phone call purportedly from Clinton opponent Barack Obama.  The \"answer\" task is made more complicated, however, by the common gender of the performer and politician.  Southern, while acting as a schoolteacher addressing a class of young children, sings and dances in a variety of revealing costumes and in a sexually ambiguous manner in support of Clinton, going back and forth between how she admires her leadership qualities and how she admires her looks and body, and insinuates that she desires Clinton in a sexual manner.  At one point in the song, she says \"I know you're not gay, but I'm hoping for Bi ... lingual.\"  At another point the visually anticipated word \"thighs\" is replaced by \"policies\".Within two weeks \"Hott4Hill\" had 600,000 views on YouTube, and Southern was gaining national media attention.  To clarify the sexuality question, Southern said on CNN that she is straight."@en .corpus156.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Leibowitz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For the comedian born Jonathan Leibowitz, see Jon StewartJonathan David Leibowitz (born June 17, 1958) was the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), an independent agency of the United States Government.  He was sworn in as a Commissioner on  September 3, 2004, and designated Chairman on March 2, 2009 by President Barack Obama.  In 2012, the U.S. Senate confirmed Liebowitz's appointment for a second term.  He resigned effective February 15, 2013.In joining the Commission, Leibowitz resumed a long career of public service.  He was the Democratic Chief Counsel and Staff Director for the U.S. Senate Antitrust Subcommittee (1997–2000), where he focused on competition policy and telecommunications matters and was known for developing bipartisan consensus.  He served as Chief Counsel and Staff Director for the Senate Subcommittee on Terrorism and Technology from 1995 to 1996 and the Senate Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (1991–1994).  In addition, he served as Chief Counsel to Senator Herb Kohl (1989–2000) and worked for Senator Paul Simon (1986–1987).  Leibowitz was the Motion Picture Association of America's Vice President for Congressional Affairs (2000–2004), and an attorney in private practice in Washington, D.C. (1984–1986)."@en .corpus156.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13438> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13438, titled Blocking Property of Certain Persons Who Threaten Stabilization Efforts in Iraq, was an executive order signed by President George W. Bush on July 17, 2007. Its stated attempt is to reduce the flow of material support for insurgents and terrorists in the Iraq war.The Order provides a means by which to disrupt support for terrorists and insurgent groups in Iraq or groups or individuals \"determined to have committed, or to pose a significant risk of committing, an act or acts of violence that have the purpose or effect of threatening the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq or undermining efforts to promote economic reconstruction and political reform in Iraq or to provide humanitarian assistance to the Iraqi people.\"This executive order is presented as an extension of Executive Order 13303 and Executive Order 13315 supporting the pacification, stabilization, and rebuilding of Iraq.  It is similar to Executive Order 13224, which dealt with financing and support of terrorist groups and networks worldwide.President Barack Obama has extended the national emergency under which Executive Order 13438 was issued several times, most recently on  May 17, 2013."@en .corpus157.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_positions_of_Joe_Biden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joe Biden is the  Vice President of the United States and former senator from the US state of Delaware. He served in the Senate from 1973 until 2009 and made his second run for President of the United States in the 2008 presidential election as a Democrat. Biden was announced as Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama's running mate on August 23, 2008, and was elected Vice President on November 4, 2008.Biden has supported campaign finance reform including the McCain-Feingold Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act and banning contributions of issue ads and gifts; capital punishment as his 1993 Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act created several new capital offenses; deficit spending on fiscal stimulus in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009; tax credits for the working poor and students; carbon emissions cap and trade; the increased infrastructure spending proposed by the Obama administration; mass transit, supporting Amtrak, bus, and subway subsidies for decades; renewable energy subsidies; same-sex marriage; student loan forgiveness; increased taxation of the wealthy; and universal health care. He opposes marijuana legalization and prefers the reduced military spending proposed in the Obama Administration's fiscal year 2014 budget.The following are more detailed political positions of Joe Biden on an assortment of issues."@en .corpus157.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer_Jones_(economist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Homer Jones (1906–1986) was a prominent American economist.In the course of his career, Jones spent time at Rutgers University, the University of Chicago, The Brookings Institution and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  He is best known for serving as research director and later senior vice-president at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, which he joined in 1958.  Under his leadership, the St. Louis Fed gained a reputation as a maverick in the Federal Reserve System because of its espousal of monetarism.Milton Friedman, who studied under Jones at Rutgers, credited Jones' encouragement for his decision to become an economist.The St. Louis Fed sponsors the annual Homie Jones Memorial Lecture Series in his memory. Speakers have included R. Glenn Hubbard (2013), dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Business, a former deputy assistant secretary at the U.S. Department of the Treasury and a former chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors; Mohamed A. El-Erian (2012), CEO and co-CIO of PIMCO and chair of U.S. President Barack Obama’s Global Development Council; Axel A. Weber (2011), former president of Deutsche Bundesbank; and Alan S. Blinder (2010), an economist at Princeton University and a former vice chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System."@en .corpus158.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Gettelfinger> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ronald A. Gettelfinger was the president of the United Auto Workers from 2002 to 2010.Gettelfinger started his union involvement in 1964 in Louisville, Kentucky, at the Louisville Assembly Plant run by Ford Motor Company while working as a chassis line repairman. The workers at Ford's Louisville Assembly plant elected Gettelfinger to represent them as committeeperson, bargaining chair and president. He was elected president of local union 862 in 1984.  In 1987, he became a member of the Ford-UAW bargaining committee.  Afterwards, he held other positions: director of UAW Region 3 and the UAW chaplaincy program. For six years he served as the elected director of UAW Region 3, which represents UAW members in Indiana and Kentucky, before being elected a UAW vice president in 1998.  Gettelfinger was elected to his first term as president of the UAW at the 33rd Convention in 2002.  He was elected to a second term on June 14, 2006, at the UAW's 34th Convention in Las Vegas. On March 19, 2009, Gettelfinger announced he intended to retire at the end of his term and would not run for reelection in 2010.Gettelfinger is an outspoken advocate for national single-payer health care in the United States. Under Gettelfinger's leadership, the UAW has lobbied for fair trade agreements that include provisions for workers' rights and environmental provisions; and the union has loudly criticized what it calls \"the corporate global chase for the lowest wage which creates a race to the bottom that no workers, in any country, can win\". He has spoken against offering any additional worker concessions until the current contract expires in 2011.Gettelfinger was an Elector for Barack Obama in 2008.Gettelfinger is a 1976 graduate of Indiana University Southeast in New Albany, Indiana."@en .corpus158.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Lavelle> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Daniel Lavelle (September 9, 1916 – July 10, 1979) was a United States Air Force general and commander of Seventh Air Force, with headquarters at Tan Son Nhut Air Base, Republic of Vietnam. Lavelle was removed from his position in 1972 and forced to retire due to alleged misconduct over bombing missions during the Vietnam War while serving as the Seventh Air Force commander. Since the ranks of general and lieutenant general are temporary and linked to their corresponding position of assignment, federal law requires senatorial approval for an officer to retire at these higher ranks. Due to these allegations the Senate refused to confirm Lavelle's retirement as a four-star or three-star general. Lavelle was reverted and retired at his permanent two-star rank of major general.On August 4, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Lavelle posthumously for promotion back to the grade of general on the Air Force retired list in light of the release of declassified information that showed that Lavelle had been authorized by President Richard Nixon to conduct the bombing missions. Further, the Air Force Board for Correction of Military Records found no evidence Lavelle caused, either directly or indirectly, the falsification of records, or that he was even aware of their existence. Once he learned of the reports, Lavelle took action to ensure the practice was discontinued. The nomination to restore his four-star rank was recommended by the Air Force Board for Correction of Military Records, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Air Force. However, the Senate Armed Services Committee declined to vote on the nomination, allowing it to expire without action at the end of the legislative session."@en .corpus158.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Baker_(author)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter Baker (born 1967) is an American political writer and newspaper reporter who is White House correspondent for The New York Times and a contributing writer for The New York Times Magazine responsible for covering President Barack Obama and the Obama Administration."@en .corpus159.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batton_Lash> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Batton Lash is a comic book creator. His art is inspired by Steve Ditko and Charlton Comics horror stories.Since 1979, he has been writing and drawing Wolff and Byrd, Counselors of the Macabre which first appeared as a weekly newspaper strip in The Brooklyn Paper and The National Law Journal, later renamed Supernatural Law when it made the leap to full-length comic book stories under Batton Lash's own company, Exhibit A Press, in 1994. It also appears online.Later he also wrote Radioactive Man for Bongo Comics which received an Eisner Award for Best Humor Publication in 2002.Batton was nominated for the 2003 Harvey Special Award for Humor for the collection Mister Negativity and Other Tales of Supernatural Law, and Supernatural Law #35 was nominated for Best Single Issue.In 2009, another collection of Wolff and Byrd stories, The Soddyssey, And Other Tales of Supernatural Law, won the Independent Book Publishers Association's Benjamin Franklin Award. The story contains guest art by Steve Bissette, Bernie Wrightson, Jeff Smith, Shawn McManus, Phil Hester, and Charles Vess.Also in 2009 Lash began working together with conservative writer James D. Hudnall on an online comic strip highly critical of President Barack Obama called \"Obama Nation\" (meant to sound like \"Abomination\"). The controversial cartoons appear on a website run by Andrew Breitbart have been criticized by some as being nonsensical and hateful. A 2011 cartoon was also called racist because it caricatures First Lady Michelle Obama and President Obama in ways that stereotype African-Americans, although that has been denied by those responsible for creating and posting the cartoon.Lash, who attended New York's School of Visual Arts, is married to comics industry figure Jackie Estrada. They both attended the 2011 Los Angeles Times Festival of Books."@en .corpus159.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post–Kyoto_Protocol_negotiations_on_greenhouse_gas_emissions> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Post-Kyoto negotiations refers to high level talks attempting to address global warming by limiting greenhouse gas emissions. Generally  part of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), these talks concern the period after the first \"commitment period\" of the Kyoto Protocol, which expired at the end of 2012.  Negotiations have been mandated by the adoption of the Bali Road Map and Decision 1/CP.13 (\"The Bali Action Plan\").UNFCCC negotiations are conducted within two subsidiary bodies, the Ad Hoc Working Group on Long-term Cooperative Action under the Convention (AWG-LCA) and the Ad Hoc Working Group on Further Commitments for Annex I Parties under the Kyoto Protocol (AWG-KP) and were expected to culminate in the United Nations Climate Change Conference taking place in December 2009 in Copenhagen (COP-15); negotiations are supported by a number of external processes, including the G8 process, a number of regional meetings and the Major Economies Forum on Energy and Climate that was launched by US President Barack Obama in March 2009. High level talks were held at the meeting of the G8+5 Climate Change Dialogue in February 2007 and at a number of subsequent G8 meetings, most recently leading to the adoption of the G8 leaders declaration \"Responsible Leadership for a Sustainable Future\"  during the G8 summit in L´Aquila, Italy, in July 2009."@en .corpus159.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Daalder> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ivo H. Daalder (born 1960, The Hague, Netherlands), has served as President of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs since July, 2013. He was the U.S. Permanent Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) from May 2009 to July 2013. He is a specialist in European security. He was a member of the staff of United States National Security Council (NSC) during the administration of President Bill Clinton, and was one of the foreign policy advisers to President Barack Obama during his 2008 presidential campaign."@en .corpus16.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_the_Interruption> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Pardon the Interruption (abbreviated PTI) is a sports television show that airs weekdays on various ESPN TV channels, TSN, ESPN America, XM, and Sirius satellite radio services, and as a downloadable podcast. It is hosted by Tony Kornheiser and Michael Wilbon, who discuss, and frequently argue over, the top stories of the day in \"sports... and other stuff\" (as Kornheiser put it in the show's original promo). The show has emanated from Washington, D.C. since its debut, as both Kornheiser and Wilbon were writing for The Washington Post at the time. Originally recorded at Atlantic Video's facilities in Washington, the show now occupies space at ABC News' Washington bureau. Voice actress Kat Cressida lends her voice to commercial bumpers for the series and has since its premiere. From the premiere of PTI until September 8, 2014, Tony Reali served as the show's statistician (earning him the nickname \"Stat Boy\") and eventually became a de facto co-host. Reali became the host of Around the Horn in 2004 while continuing his job on PTI, eventually leaving when ATH moved production from Washington to New York City.Similar in format to Siskel and Ebert, PTI is known for its humorous and often loud tone, as well as the \"rundown\" graphic which lists the topics yet to be discussed on the right-hand side of the screen. The show's popularity has led to the creation of similar shows on ESPN, and similar segments on other series, and the rundown graphic has since been implemented on the morning editions of SportsCenter among many imitators. The show won a Sports Emmy Award for best Daily Outstanding Studio Show for 2009.PTI debuted on October 22, 2001. The founding production team behind PTI includes Mark Shapiro, Erik Rydholm, Todd Mason, James Cohen and Joseph Maar.  The original deal was for two years with an option for a third. It airs daily at 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on ESPN (if not preempted by live events such as golf), and is repeated on numerous ESPN sister outlets (see \"Broadcast details\" below). The show originally also aired Sunday evening, but this was short-lived.PTI is produced by ESPN. The show's production management is led by Executive Producer Erik Rydholm. PTI, as well as its sibling Around the Horn, is sponsored by alcoholic beverage company Diageo.The October 24, 2011 episode featured a message from president Barack Obama commemorating PTI's tenth anniversary."@en .corpus16.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitt_Romney> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Willard Mitt Romney (born March 12, 1947) is an American politician and businessman who was the Republican Party's nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 election.  Before his presidential bid, he served as the 70th Governor of Massachusetts from 2003 to 2007.Raised in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, by his parents George and Lenore Romney, Mitt Romney spent two and a half years in France as a Mormon missionary starting in 1966. In 1969 he married Ann Davies, with whom he has had five sons. By 1971, Romney had participated in the political campaigns of both of his parents. In that year, he earned a Bachelor of Arts at Brigham Young and in 1975, a joint Juris Doctor and Master of Business Administration at Harvard. Romney then entered the management consulting industry and in 1977 secured a position at Bain & Company. Later serving as its chief executive officer, he helped lead the company out of financial crisis. In 1984, he cofounded and led the spin-off company Bain Capital, a highly profitable private equity investment firm that became one of the largest of its kind in the nation. Active in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Romney served during his business career as the bishop of his ward (head of his local congregation) and then stake president in his home area near Boston. After stepping down from Bain Capital and his local leadership role in the church, he ran as the Republican candidate in the 1994 Massachusetts election for U.S. Senate. Upon losing to longtime incumbent Ted Kennedy, he resumed his position at Bain Capital. Years later, a successful stint as president and CEO of the Salt Lake Organizing Committee for the 2002 Winter Olympics led to a relaunch of his political career.Elected Governor of Massachusetts in 2002, Romney helped develop and enact into law the Massachusetts health care reform legislation, the first of its kind in the nation, which provided near-universal health insurance access through state-level subsidies and individual mandates to purchase insurance. He also presided over the elimination of a projected $1.2–1.5 billion deficit through a combination of spending cuts, increased fees, and the closure of corporate tax loopholes. Romney did not seek re-election in 2006, instead focusing on his campaign for the Republican nomination in the 2008 U.S. presidential election. He won several primaries and caucuses but lost to the eventual nominee, Senator John McCain.  His considerable net worth, estimated in 2012 at $190–250 million, helped finance his political campaigns prior to 2012.Romney won the 2012 Republican presidential nomination, becoming the first Mormon to be a major party presidential nominee.  Romney was defeated by incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama in the November 2012 general election, losing by 332–206 electoral college votes. The popular vote margin was 51–47 percent in Obama's favor. Following the election, he initially kept a low profile but later became more visible politically; after actively considering the possibility, in January 2015 he ruled out running for the presidency again in the 2016 presidential election."@en .corpus16.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Suskind> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ronald Steven \"Ron\" Suskind (born November 20, 1959) is a Pulitzer Prize winning American journalist and best-selling author. He was the senior national affairs writer for The Wall Street Journal from 1993 to 2000 and has published the books A Hope in the Unseen, The Price of Loyalty, The One Percent Doctrine, The Way of the World, Confidence Men, and his memoir Life, Animated: A Story of Sidekicks, Heroes, and Autism. He won the 1995 Pulitzer Prize for Feature Writing for articles in the Wall Street Journal that became the starting point for his first book, A Hope in the Unseen. Suskind has written books on the George W. Bush Administration, the Barack Obama Administration, and related issues of the United States' use of power."@en .corpus16.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation_program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Constellation Program (abbreviated CxP) was a human spaceflight program developed by NASA, the space agency of the United States, from 2005 to 2009. The major goals of the program were \"completion of the International Space Station\" and a \"return to the moon no later than 2020\" with a manned flight to the planet Mars as the ultimate goal. The program's logo reflected the three stages of the program: the Earth (ISS), the moon, and finally Mars—while the Mars goal also found expression in the name given to the program's booster rockets: Ares (The Greek equivalent of the Roman god Mars). The technological aims of the program included the regaining of significant astronaut experience beyond low earth orbit and the development of technologies necessary to enable sustained human presence on other planetary bodies.Constellation began in response to the goals laid out in the Vision for Space Exploration under NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe. O'Keefe's successor, Michael D. Griffin, ordered a complete review, termed the Exploration Systems Architecture Study, which reshaped how NASA would pursue the goals laid out in the Vision for Space Exploration, and its findings were formalized by the NASA Authorization Act of 2005. The Act directed NASA to \"develop a sustained human presence on the Moon, including a robust precursor program to promote exploration, science, commerce and US preeminence in space, and as a stepping stone to future exploration of Mars and other destinations.\" Work began on this revised Constellation Program, to send astronauts first to the International Space Station, then to the Moon, and then to Mars and beyond.Subsequent to the findings of the Augustine Committee in 2009 that the Constellation Program could not be executed without substantial increases in funding, on February 1, 2010, President Barack Obama announced a proposal to cancel the program, effective with the passage of the U.S. 2011 fiscal year budget, but later announced changes to the proposal in a major space policy speech at Kennedy Space Center on April 15, 2010. Obama signed the NASA Authorization Act of 2010 on October 11, which shelved the program, with Constellation contracts remaining in place until Congress would act to overturn the previous mandate. In 2011, NASA announced that it had adopted designs similar to those of the Constellation Program for its new Space Launch System."@en .corpus160.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_Yourself_Up> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Pick Yourself Up\" is a popular song composed in 1936 by Jerome Kern, with lyrics by Dorothy Fields.  It has a verse and chorus, as well as a third section, though the third section is often omitted in recordings.  Like most popular songs of the era it features a 32 bar chorus though with an extended coda and its rhyming scheme is AABA style, with some variations among the A sections.The song was written for the film Swing Time (1936), where it was introduced by Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers.  Ginger plays a dance instructor whom Fred follows into her studio; he pretends to have \"two left feet\" in order to get her to dance with him.  Fred sings the verse to her and she responds with the chorus.  After an interlude, they dance to the tune.  (Author John Mueller has written their dance \"is one of the very greatest of Astaire's playful duets: boundlessly joyous, endlessly re-seeable.\")Astaire would also record the song on his own that year for the Brunswick label.The tune served as the theme song for the short-lived 1955–56 prime time television variety series The Johnny Carson Show.Nancy Walker performed the song on an episode of \"The Muppet Show\" with Fozzie Bear.On 20 January 2009, the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama, in his inauguration speech, quoted the lyrics in the song, saying \"Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking America.\"Frank Rich linked the lyric to Fields and the movie in The New York Times, writing that it was \"one subtle whiff of the Great Depression\" in the address.Nat King Cole's version of the song was also featured in an episode of Breaking Bad, titled \"Gliding Over All.\""@en .corpus160.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Klayman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Larry Elliot Klayman (born July 20, 1951) is a politically conservative American public interest lawyer and former Justice Department attorney who has been called a \"Clinton nemesis\" for his dozens of lawsuits against the Bill Clinton administration in the 90s.  The founder of Judicial Watch and the government watchdog group Freedom Watch, he has brought legal action against former Vice President Dick Cheney, President Barack Obama, OPEC, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, and the National Security Agency (NSA).  In the last case, a federal judge ruled in December 2013 that the NSA's bulk collection of telephony metadata violated the Fourth Amendment."@en .corpus161.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtime_Steppers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Showtime Steppers are a nationally recognized step team, and the first professional step team of its kind. The group, which originated from a Fort Worth, Texas high school, was professionally founded by Jenerian \"El Hadjo\" Young, and is currently being led by  Shane \"Mr. Showtime\" Wilson. This group has become one of the most established professional step teams in America, and is widely known as \"America's Favorite Step Team\". The group has performed several times on national television, and has performed live for Kirk Franklin, President Barack Obama and his family, Ne-Yo, Pretty Ricky, Trey Songz, Nick Cannon, Lil' Fizz, Deitrick Haddon, Fonzworth Bentley, and Tonex."@en .corpus161.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_G._Cigarroa> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Francisco Gonzalez Cigarroa (born December 1, 1957) is an American medical doctor and the departing chancellor of the University of Texas System. As a Mexican-American, Cigarroa is also the first Hispanic to serve as president of the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio (UTHSCSA).Born in the border city of Laredo in south Texas, Cigarroa graduated from J. W. Nixon High School. In 1979, he earned a bachelor's degree from Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. He received his medical degree from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas in 1983. He was elected to Alpha Omega Alpha, a national honor society for medical students, residents, scientists, and physicians in the United States and Canada.During his twelve years of postgraduate training, Cigarroa was chief resident at Massachusetts General Hospital ‒ the teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts ‒ and completed pediatric surgery and transplant surgery fellowships at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland.In January 2009, Cigarroa was appointed chancellor of the University of Texas System. He is the first Hispanic to ever lead a major university system in the United States. Before this appointment he had been the first Hispanic president of the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio.On July 1, 2010, Cigarroa began serving an elected six-year term as an Alumni Fellow to the Yale Corporation, the governing body of Yale University.In August 2011, Cigarroa presented to the University Board of Regents his Framework for Excellence designed to make the University of Texas System one of the top-ranked US educational systems of higher learning. The framework was unanimously approved by the Board of Regents and has since received national acclaim. In December 2011, Cigarroa was invited to the White House to share his program with US President Barack Obama and US Secretary of Education Arne Duncan.On February 10, 2014, Cigarroa announced his resignation from the UT System but will remain in the position until his successor is appointed. He said that he had accomplished the goals that he put forth in 2009 and that his departure is unrelated to recent political dissent surrounding the system regents. He will become the head of pediatric transplant surgery at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio, where he served as president for eight years prior to being named as the system chancellor.Records obtained by the Austin American-Statesman show that Cigarroa as the UT System chancellor, dispatched letters of recommendation from influential people to William C. Powers, the president of UT in Austin, which urge admission of some forty students to the institution. Sometimes Cigarroa placed handwritten notes on the letters about the prominence of the person making the request for admission. Often those given consideration were related to large donors to the university."@en .corpus161.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Caballero_(company)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Miguel Caballero is a bulletproof clothing company based in Bogotá, Colombia with outlets in Mexico City and Sao Paulo.  It is best known for its fashion line of bulletproof clothing and counts among its clients Prince Felipe of Spain, the actor Steven Seagal, President Álvaro Uribe of Colombia, President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela, President Barack Obama of the United States of America and other heads of state.  The company also supplies bulletproof clothing to the military, police and private security sector. Currently Miguel Caballero is working on a new Uniform project for the Mexican Military."@en .corpus162.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/114th_United_States_Congress> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The One Hundred Fourteenth United States Congress is the current meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It is scheduled to meet in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 2015 to January 3, 2017, during the final two years of Barack Obama's presidency. The 2014 elections gave the Republicans control of the Senate (and control of both houses of Congress) for the first time since the 109th Congress. With 247 seats in the House of Representatives and 54 seats in the Senate, this Congress has the largest Republican majority since the 71st Congress of 1929–1931."@en .corpus162.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Shaw_(computer_scientist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mary Shaw (born 1943) is an American software engineer, and the Alan J. Perlis Professor of Computer Science in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, United States.Shaw's main area of research interest is software engineering, including architectural, educational and historical aspects. Shaw authored seminal works in the field of software architecture along with David Garlan. In 2011, Shaw and Garlan received the Outstanding Research Award from ACM SIGSOFT, the Association of Computing Machinery's Special Interest Group on Software Engineering, for their \"significant and lasting software engineering research contributions through the development and promotion of software architecture.\" On October 3, 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama announced that Shaw was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation."@en .corpus162.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_K._Sessions_III> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William K. Sessions III (born 1947 in Hartford, Connecticut) is serving as senior judge on the United States District Court for the District of Vermont and has served as the Vice Chair and eventually as Chair of the United States Sentencing Commission.  He was confirmed on October 21, 2009 as Chair of the United States Sentencing Commission, and served until December 22, 2010.Sessions was educated at Middlebury College where he earned a B.A. in 1969.  He earned a J.D. in 1972 from The George Washington University Law School.  Sessions served as a U.S. Army First Lieutenant.  He was a law clerk for Judge Hilton Dier in Addison County District Court in 1973. He later worked for the Addison County Public Defender before entering private practice in 1978.  He also worked as an adjunct professor at Vermont Law School from 1978 until 1995.Sessions was nominated by Bill Clinton on June 30, 1995, to a seat vacated by Fred I. Parker.  He was confirmed by the Senate on August 11, 1995, and received his commission on August 14, 1995. Sessions has served as chief judge from 2002–2010.On September 12, 2007, Judge Sessions of the federal district court in Vermont ruled in favor of the Sierra Club, the states of Vermont and New York, and other environmental groups in rejecting the auto industry’s attempt to block states from regulating global warming emissions from cars.  Session’s ruling opens the doors for New York and Vermont to proceed with enacting the California Clean Car (Pavley) Standards, pending United States Environmental Protection Agency approval.  These standards, adopted by California and at least 11 other states, aim to reduce global warming emissions from cars by 30 percent when fully implemented in 2016. This precedent will likely have an important impact on similar cases pending in California and Rhode Island.On April 20, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Sessions to be Chair of the United States Sentencing Commission.Sessions' nomination languished with no full Senate vote for more than six months, with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid contending that Senate Republicans had stalled Sessions' nomination in retaliation for the speed of Supreme Court Associate Justice Sonia Sotomayor's confirmation process.  Reid filed cloture on Sessions' nomination on October 20, 2009, and the Senate confirmed Sessions in a voice vote on October 21, 2009. He assumed senior status on June 15, 2014."@en .corpus162.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_M._Aronovitz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sidney Myer Aronovitz (June 20, 1920 – January 8, 1997) was an American lawyer and United States federal judge.  Born in 1920 in Key West, Florida, Aronovitz was the son of a local textile merchant and a third-generation Key West native. He graduated from Key West High School in 1937, valedictorian and president of his class. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Florida in 1942 and his J.D. from the University of Florida College of Law in 1943. Aronovitz served in the U.S. Army as a Captain from 1943 to 1946, winning the Bronze Star. He was in private practice in Miami from 1946 to 1976, serving as a Miami city commissioner from 1962 to 1966 and as vice-mayor in 1965.President Gerald Ford nominated Aronovitz to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida on August 4, 1976, to the seat vacated by William O. Mehrtens. Confirmed by the Senate on September 17, 1976, he received commission four days later. Among the cases presided over by Aronovitz was the claim of treasure hunter Mel Fisher to the Spanish galleon, Atocha. Aronovitz assumed senior status on October 31, 1988 and remained on the court until his death in Miami in 1997.In October 2009, President Barack Obama signed into a law a bill introduced by Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen to rename the U.S. Post Office, Custom House, and Courthouse in Key West the Sidney M. Aronovitz United States Courthouse."@en .corpus162.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Regal_Theater> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The New Regal Theater (originally Avalon Theater) is located at 1641 East 79th Street, in Chicago, Illinois. The theater opened as the Avalon Theater in 1927. The design is an \"atmospheric\" Moorish Revival movie palace designed by John Eberson, who was nationally known for the atmospheric design. It is said that the theater's design was inspired by a Persian incense burner that Eberson found in an antique market. The Avalon Theater was in business until the late 1970s.Afterward, the building served as the home of the Miracle Temple Church until becoming a performing arts venue once again in 1987. At that time, the theater was renamed in honor of the old Regal Theater, a cultural center for Chicago's African American community that was demolished in 1973. The old Regal Theater was located at 4719 S. King Dr.It received Chicago Landmark status on June 17, 1992.The former owners of the New Regal Theater, Edward and Bettianne Gardner, closed the theater in 2003 after losing money for several years. In 2008, the building was purchased by a group that included Ron and Regina Evans with the hope of reviving it as a cultural venue. However, it has seen little use. The site did hold a party to celebrate Barack Obama's presidential nomination acceptance speech in August 2008. The theater was foreclosed on in 2011; it was sold to Community Capital Investment Partners in 2014."@en .corpus164.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wolffe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard L. Wolffe (born 17 September 1968) is a British-American journalist, MSNBC commentator, and author of the Barack Obama books Renegade: The Making of a President (Crown, June 2009) and Revival: The Struggle for Survival Inside the Obama White House (Crown, November 2010). He currently serves as VP and Executive Editor of MSNBC."@en .corpus164.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Velasquez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Andrew Velasquez is the Region V Administrator for the Federal Emergency Management Agency of the United States, overseeing a six-state region that includes Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio and Wisconsin. He was appointed by President Barack Obama on April 16, 2010. U.S. Senator Dick Durbin hailed the nomination.Prior to this position, Velasquez served as the director of the Illinois Emergency Management Agency. He was also the executive director of Chicago's Office of Emergency Management and Communications (OEMC).  In that role, he has implemented innovative technology solutions such as using wireless and satellite communications to enhance the city’s delivery of emergency services."@en .corpus165.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Kim> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Todd Kim is the first Solicitor General for the District of Columbia.  He was appointed by Attorney General Robert J. Spagnoletti to be responsible for all of the District's appellate litigation before the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and the Supreme Court of the United States. On February 14, 2014, President Barack Obama announced his intent to nominate Mr. Kim to serve on the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.Prior to becoming Solicitor General, Kim was an appellate attorney for the U.S. Department of Justice, Environment and National Resources Division. Mr. Kim graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law School in 1997, where he was an executive editor of the Harvard Law Review, and received his undergraduate degree, magna cum laude, in biology from Harvard College in 1994. After law school, he served as a law clerk to the Honorable Judith Rogers on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.Todd Kim was the first contestant on the ABC game show Who Wants to Be a Super Millionaire. The show was presented by Regis Philbin and aired in February 2004. Todd got to the 12th question, going for US$1,000,000. The question was, \"Neurologists believe that the brain's medial ventral pre-frontal cortex is activated when doing what?\". The four possible answers were, A:\"Have a panic attack\", B:\"Remember a name\", C:\"Get a joke\" or D:\"Listen to music\". The correct answer was revealed as C:\"Get a joke\" but Todd could not answer the question and left the game with US$500,000. At the start of the show Regis asked Todd if he could refer to him as \"The Kimmer\". Todd agreed and Regis did so numerous times throughout the game."@en .corpus165.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendu_Bay> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kendu Bay is a bay and town in Kenya. The area is the part of Rachuonyo District in Homa Bay County. It is located on the shore of Lake Victoria along Katito-Homa-Bay road. Kosele, the district capital is 25 kilometres southeast of Kendu Bay. Kisumu, the largest urban centre in Kenya's western region, is located 40 kilometres north of Kendu Bay, but the route to Kisumu, which goes via Ahero, is much longer as it circumvents Winam Gulf in between. Kendu Bay is also linked by a road to Homa Bay, located 30 kilometres southwest.Kendu Bay forms a town council with a population of 29,638 (1999 census). Kendu Bay town council has four wards: Gendia/Awach, Gumba/Jieri, Rambira and Simbi/Kogembo. All of them are located within Karachuonyo Constituency. Kendu Bay is also headquarters of East Karachuonyo division of Rachuonyo District.The area is the birthplace of Barack Obama, Sr., the father of U.S. President Barack Obama, and his parents Hussein Onyango Obama and Habiba Akumu Nyanjoga. Obama, Sr., was raised in Alego.For many years Kendu Bay was known as the entertainment capital of Nyanza, with its famed 'Kendu Show', which attracted  musicians and bands from all over Kenya. However, the show has waned and disappeared over the years. Today the show-ground is a mere relic of its illustrious past, as is the Old pier that used to be an important port of call for steamers and ships from as far as Uganda and Tanzania."@en .corpus165.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gratzer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David George Gratzer (born September 5, 1974) is a physician, columnist, author, Congressional expert witness, and a senior fellow at both the Manhattan Institute and the Montreal Economic Institute. Though he has written essays on topics as diverse as obesity and political campaigns, he is best known for his first book, published by ECW Press, when he was just 24: Code Blue: Reviving Canada's Health Care System. That book won the Donner Prize established by the  Donner Canadian Foundation and was a national bestseller in his native Canada. Gratzer is a critic of the Canadian health care system, and of U.S. President Barack Obama's health care reform proposals. Gratzer was health care policy advisor to Rudy Giuliani's 2008 presidential campaign."@en .corpus166.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming_Range> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Wyoming Range is a mountain range located in west-central Wyoming. It is a range of the Rocky Mountains that runs north-south near the western edge of the state. Its highest peak is Wyoming Peak, which stands at 11,363 feet (3,463 m) above sea-level. The range is sometimes referred to as The Wyomings.The vast majority of the range is public land administered by the U.S. Forest Service as part of the Bridger-Teton National Forest and is a popular destination for hiking, camping, fishing, horseback riding, snowmobiling, hunting, and other activities. The range contains numerous lakes and developed campgrounds, in addition to many wild and primitive areas. The closest towns to the range include Big Piney, Marbleton, La Barge, and Kemmerer.A branch of the Oregon Trail known as the Lander Road traverses the mountain range.  The cutoff offered emigrants a shorter travel option. Numerous grave sites and historical markers can be found relating to the trail.The range is not to be confused with the Salt River Range, which runs closely parallel to the Wyoming Range on its western side. The two ranges are separated by Grey's River.The United States House of Representatives voted March 25, 2009, to grant wilderness status to two million acres (8,000 km²) of public land in nine states.  The Omnibus Public Land Management Act, which had already been passed by the Senate, was approved in the House by a 285-to-140 vote. It was signed into law March 30 by President Barack Obama.  The legislation included the Wyoming Range Legacy Act, which shields 1,200,000 acres (4,900 km2) of the Wyoming Range from future oil and gas leasing. Leases that were issued in the 1,200,000 acres (4,900 km2) withdrawal area prior to passage of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act were not affected by the legislation."@en .corpus166.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congressional_Award> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Congressional Award is an award for young Americans, established by the United States Congress in 1979 to \"recognize initiative, service and achievement in young people.\" It is non-partisan, voluntary, and non-competitive program open to all 13 1/2 to 23-year-olds.The Congressional Award recognizes the setting and meeting of goals in four program areas: Voluntary public service, personal development, physical fitness, and expedition/exploration.  Based on time commitments to each of the areas, participants earn Bronze, Silver, or Gold Congressional Award Certificates; and Bronze, Silver, or Gold Congressional Award Medals.The Congressional Award was realized by the passage of Public Law 96-114 The Congressional Award Act. The bill was proposed under the sponsorship of Senator Malcolm Wallop of Wyoming and Congressman James J. Howard of New Jersey.The award is issued by the Congressional Award Foundation (CAF) which has been unanimously re-authorized by every Congress and president since Jimmy Carter and, most recently, on July 7, 2010 by President Barack Obama. The CAF is a public-private partnership, officially classified as a 501(c) non-profit organization, funded entirely by private sector donations. Its existence as a public-private partnership and classification as a non-profit make it Congress’ only charity.As of September 2011, according to the CAF, more than 50,000 youth had registered as participants.The Congressional Award is Congress’ first and only award specifically for youth. The only other medals awarded by Congress are the Medal of Honor and the Congressional Gold Medal; and those two medals are not to be confused with the Congressional Award. Also not to be confused with the Congressional Award are those awards affiliated with the International Award Association, including the Duke of Edinburgh’s Award, which despite their similarities and shared history, are no longer affiliated with the Congressional Award."@en .corpus167.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mom_jeans> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mom jeans is a humorously pejorative term for a specific type of fit of women's jeans, considered to be both unfashionable, and unflattering to the wearer's figure. This style usually consists of a high waist (rising above the belly button), making the buttocks appear disproportionately longer, larger, and flatter than they otherwise might.  It also tends to have excess space in the zipper/crotch and leg areas. The jeans are usually in a solid, light-blue color, with no form of stone washing or fading. Other attributes of the style often seen are pleats, tapered legs, and elastic waistbands. The style is often accompanied by a blouse or shirt that is tucked into the jeans. This style of jeans was popular with women in the United States until the mid-1990s, when lower rise jeans started to become fashionable.The term gained greater prominence after a May 2003 Saturday Night Live skit for a fake brand of jeans called Mom Jeans, which used the tagline \"For this Mother's Day, don't give Mom that bottle of perfume. Give her something that says, 'I'm not a woman anymore...I'm a mom!' \"A corresponding term, Dad jeans has been coined in popular media to refer to an unflattering, high-waisted and shapeless style of jeans often worn by middle-aged U.S. men. This term has been used occasionally since 2009, when President Barack Obama was depicted as wearing such jeans to a baseball game."@en .corpus167.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Commerce_for_Economic_Affairs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Commerce for Economic Affairs, or USC-EA, is a high-ranking official in the United States Department of Commerce that serves as the principal adviser to the United States Secretary of Commerce on economic analysis. The Under Secretary is ex officio the Administrator of the Economics and Statistics Administration.The Under Secretary is appointed by the President of the United States with the consent of the United States Senate to serve at the pleasure of the President. Mark Doms is the current Under Secretary of Commerce for Economic Affairs. He was nominated by President Barack Obama on September 13, 2012. He was confirmed by the Senate on January 1, 2013 as one of the last acts of the 112th Congress. Prior to his confirmation, he was the United States Department of Commerce's Chief Economist. He served in that position from August 2009 through December 2012."@en .corpus167.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Fuller_Clark> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Martha Fuller Clark (born March 14, 1942, in York, Maine) is a Democratic member of the New Hampshire Senate, representing the 21st District since 2012, and having represented the 24th District from 2004 through 2010. Prior to her Senate service she was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1990 through 2002. Fuller Clark first ran for the United States Congress to represent New Hampshire's 1st congressional district in 2000 but was defeated by then incumbent representative John E. Sununu. She ran again in 2002, but lost to former Congressman Jeb Bradley. Today, Sen. Clark serves as Vice-Chair of the New Hampshire Democratic Party and a member of Democratic National Committee, serving on the Resolutions Committee. In 2008 and again in 2012 she was a co-chair of the New Hampshire Committee to elect Barack Obama President of the United States, a superdelegate to the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver, and was a member of the United States Electoral College in 2008, when she cast one of New Hampshire's four electoral votes for Barack Obama and Joe Biden.Additionally she serves on a number of boards and commissions in her community. She recently retired as President of the Board of Strawbery Banke, and continues to serve as on the board. She is also an advisor to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, and is the past President of Scenic America.Martha Fuller Clark earned a master’s degree in art history from Boston University, and an undergraduate degree from Mills College. She was born and raised in York, Maine. Since 1973, she and her husband, Dr. Geoffrey Clark, have lived in the city of Portsmouth where they raised their three children, Caleb, Nathaniel, and Anna. Fuller Clark is daughter of environmental activist and former Maine legislator Marion Fuller Brown."@en .corpus167.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_on_Terror> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The War on Terror (WOT), also known as the Global War on Terrorism (GWOT), refers to the international military campaign that started after the 11 September 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States. The United States led a coalition of other NATO and non-NATO nations participating in the campaign to destroy al-Qaeda and other militant extremist organizations.U.S. President George W. Bush first used the term \"War on Terror\" on 20 September 2001. The Bush administration and the western media have since used the term to argue a global military, political, legal, and conceptual struggle against both organizations designated terrorist and regimes accused of supporting them. It was originally used with a particular focus on Muslim countries associated with Islamic terrorism organizations including al-Qaeda and like-minded organizations.Although the term War on Terror is no longer officially used by the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama (which prefers the term Overseas Contingency Operation), it is still commonly used by politicians, the media, and in some official governmental aspects, including the US military's Global War on Terrorism Service Medal."@en .corpus168.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_awards_received_by_Muhammad_Yunus> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Awards received by Dr. Muhammad Yunus, the founder of Grameen Bank: 1978 — President's Award, Bangladesh 1984 — Ramon Magsaysay Award, Philippines 1985 — Bangladesh Bank Award, Bangladesh 1987 — Shwadhinota Dibosh Puroshkar (Independence Day Award), Bangladesh 1989 — Aga Khan Award for Architecture, Switzerland 1993 — CARE Humanitarian Award 1994 — World Food Prize. 1994 — Pfeffer Peace Prize, USA 1994 — Dr. Mohammad Ibrahim Memorial Gold Medal Award, Bangladesh 1994 — Tun Abdul Razak Award, Malaysia 1995 — Max Schmidheiny Freedom Prize, 1995 - Rotary SEED (Science, Education and Economic Development) Award of Rotary Club of Metropolitan Dhaka (RCMD), the highest service award in Bangladesh. 1996 — UNESCO International Simón Bolívar Prize. 1996 — \"Distinguished Alumnus Award\" of Vanderbilt University, USA 1997 — Award from Strømme Foundation, Norway. 1997 — International Activist Award, U.S.A 1997 — Planetary Consciousness Business Innovation Prize 1997 — State of the World Forum Award by the State of the World Forum, San Francisco 1997 — Man for Peace Award by the Together For Peace Foundation, Italy 1998 — Indira Gandhi Prize 1998 — Prince of Asturias Award 1998 — Sydney Peace Prize 1998 — One World Broadcasting Trust Special Award by the One World Broadcasting Trust, UK 1998 — Ozaki (Gakudo) Award by the Ozaki Yukio Memorial Foundation, Japan 1998 — Juste of the Year Award by the Les Justes D'or, France 1999 — Rotary Award for World Understanding\u009D by the Rotary International, USA 1999 — Golden Pegasus Award\u009D by the TUSCAN Regional Government, Italy 1999 — Roma Award for Peace and Humanitarian Action\u009D by the Municipality of Rome, Italy 1999 — Rathindra Puraskar by the Visva-Bharati, India 2000 — OMEGA Award of Excellence for Lifetime Achievement, Switzerland 2000 — The Medal of the Presidency of the Italian Senate, Italy 2000 — King Hussein Humanitarian Leadership Award by the King Hussein Foundation, Jordan 2000 — IDEB Gold Medal Award by the Institute of Diploma Engineers, Bangladesh 2001 — Named Ashoka Global Academy Member 2001 — Fukuoka Asian Culture Prize (Grand Prize) 2001 — Artusi prize by Comune di Forlimpopoli, Italy 2001 — Ho Chi Minh Award\u009D by the Ho Chi Minh City Peoples Committee, Vietnam 2001 — International Cooperation Prize Caja de Granada\u009D Caja de Ahorros de Granada, Spain 2001 — AVARRA International Aid Award by the Autonomous Government of Navarra together with Caja Laboral (Savings Bank), Spain 2002 — Mahatma Gandhi Award by the M.K Gandhi Institute for Nonviolence, USA 2003 — World Technology Network Award 2003 for Finance by the World Technology Network, UK 2003 — Volvo Environment Prize 2003 by the Volvo Environment Prize Foundation, Sweden 2003 — National Merit Order by the Honorable President of the Republic of Colombia, Colombia 2003 — The Medal of the Painter Oswaldo Guayasamin by the UNESCO, France 2003 — The Volvo Environment Prize  2004 — Telecinco Award for Better Path Towards Solidarity by the Spanish TV Netwark - Channel 5, Spain 2004 — City of Orvieto Award by the Municipality of Orvieto, Italy 2004 — World Affairs Council Award for Extraordinary Contribution to Social Change by the World Affairs Council of Northern California, USA 2004 — Leadership in Social Entrepreneurship Award by Fuqua School of Business of Duke University, USA 2004 — Premio Galileo 2000 - Special Prize for Peace by Ina Assitalia Fireuze, Italy 2004 — Nikkei Asia Prize for Regional Growth by the Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc. (Nikkei), Japan 2004 — The Economist the newspaper's Prize for social and economic innovation. 2005 — Golden Cross of the Civil Order of the Social Solidarity by the Spanish Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, Spain 2005 — Freedom Award by the America's Freedom Foundation, Provo, Utah, USA 2005 — Bangladesh Computer Society Gold Medal by the Bangladesh Computer Society, Bangladesh 2005 — Prize II Ponte by the Fondazione Europea Guido Venosta, Italy 2005 — Foundation of Justice 2005 by the Foundation of Justice, Valencia, Spain 2006 — Neustadt Award by Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University, USA 2006 — Global Citizen of the Year Award by Patel Foundation for Global understanding, Tampa, Florida, USA 2006 — Convivencia (Good Fellowship) of Ceuta 2006 by Fundacion Premio Convivencia, Ceuta, Spain 2006 — Disaster Mitigation Award 2006 by FIRST INDIA Disaster Management Congress 2006, Delhi, India 2006 — SHERA BANGALEE 2006 by ETV, India 2006 — Mother Teresa Award instituted by the Mother Teresa International and Millennium Award Committee (MTIMAC), Kolkata, India 2006 — Freedom from Want Award, one of the Four Freedoms Awards by Roosevelt Study Centre 2006 — ITU World Information Society Award by International Telecommunication Union 2006 — Seoul Peace Prize 2006 — Nobel Peace Prize, shared with Grameen Bank 2007 — ABICC Award For Leadership in Global Trade 2007 by ABICC, Miami, USA 2007 — Social Entrepreneur Award 2007 by the Geoffrey Palmer Center for Social Entrepreneurship and the Law, Pepperdine School of Law, USA 2007 — Global Entrepreneurship Leader Award 2007 by the National Foundation for Teaching Entrepreneurship, USA 2007 — Red Cross Gold Medal 2007 by the Red Cross Society, Spain 2007 — Rabindra Nath Tagore Birth Centenary Plaque 2007 by the Asiatic Society, Kolkata, India 2007 — EFR-Business Week Award 2007 by the University of Rotterdam, Netherland 2007 — Vision Award 2007 by the Global Economic Network, Berlin, Germany  2007 — BAFI Global Achievement Award 2007 by the Bangladesh-American Foundation Inc., USA 2007 — Rubin Museum Mandala Award by the Rubin Museum, USA 2007 — Sakaal Person of the Year Award 2007 by the Sakaal Group of Publications, India  2007 — 1st AHPADA Global Award by the ASEAN Handicraft Promotion and Development Association (ASPADA), Philippine 2007 — Medal of Honor by the Government, Santa Catrina State, Brazil 2007 — UN South - South Cooperation by the United Nations, USA 2007 — The Nichols-Chancellor's Medal awarded by Vanderbilt University 2007 — Order of the Liberator in First Class with Grand Decoration awarded by Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez 2007 — Honoured as an adviser to the government of Hainan province of China. 2008 — Corine International Book Award by the Bavaraian Government, Germany for the book, \"Creating World Without Poverty\" 2008 — Project Concern Award by Project Concern International, Santa Barbara, California, USA 2008 — International Women's Health Coalition Award by the International Women's Health Coalition, New York, USA 2008 — The Kitakyushu Environmental Award by the Mayor of City of Kitakyushu, Japan 2008 — Chancellor's Medal by York College, USA 2008 — President's Medal by Lehman College, USA 2008 — Human Security Award by Muslim Public Affairs Council, USA 2008 — 2008 Annual Award for Development by OPEC Fund for International Development(OFID), Austria 2008 — 2008 Humanitarian Award by The International Association of Lions Clubs, USA 2008 — Friend of Children 2008 by Save the Children, Spain 2008 — AGI International Science by University of Cologne, Germany 2008 — TWO WING prize 2008 by the Freie Universitat, Berlin, Germany 2008 — Global Humanitarian Awards 2008 by the Tech Museum, San Jose, California, USA 2008 — World Affairs Council Awards 2008 by the World Affairs Council of Northern California, San Francisco, California, USA 2008 — The Full Impact Award by Full Circle Fund, USA 2008 — Honorary degrees awarded by Glasgow Caledonian University and the University of Glasgow  2009 — Estoril Global Issues Distinguished Book Prize, Portugal 2009 — Golden Biatec Award by the Economic Club, Slovakia 2009 — Gold Medal of Honor Award from the ATLAS, USA 2009 — PICMET Leadership in Technology Management, USA 2009 — The Sustainable Development Award 2009 by Ecology and Development Foundation, Spain 2009 — The Bayreuth Leadership Award 2009 by the University of Bayreuth, Wiesbaden, Germany  2009 — The Dwight D. Eisenhower Award for Leadership and Service, awarded by Eisenhower Fellowships in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 2009 — Presidential Medal of Freedom awarded by Barack Obama  2010 — Prize for Ethical Business Award 2010 by the Creighton University, Omaha, USA  2010 — Presidential Medallion Award 2010 by the President, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, USA 2010 — SolarWorld Einstein Award 2010 by the SolarWorld AG, Germany at the 25th European Phtovoltaic Conference in Valencia, Spain 2010 — Presidential Medal Award 2010 by the Miami Dade College, Miami, Florida, USA 2010 — The highest national award by the Nation of Peru 2010 — Global Award, the Third China Poverty Eradication Award 2010 — Presidential Medal Award 2010 by the Emory University, Atlanta, USA  Emory University 2010 - Congressional Gold Medal awarded by United States Congress 2011 — St. Vincent de Paul Award by DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois 2011 — Elon University Medal for Entrepreneurial Leadership, USA 2012 — Jean Mayer Global Citizen Award by the Institute for Global Leadership of Tufts University, USA 2012 — Outstanding Entrepreneur of Our Time and The Best Humanitarian of the Year by OFC Venture Challenge, USA 2012 — Transformational Leadership Award, USA 2012 — International Freedom Award by the National Civil Rights Museum, USA 2013 — Salute to Greatness Award 2013 by Martin Luther King Center, USA  2013 — Albert Schweitzer Humanitarian Award 2013 by Quinnipiac University, USA 2013 — Global Treasure Award by Skoll Foundation, Oxford, UK  2013 — Forbes 400 Philanthropy Forum Lifetime Achievement Award for Social Entrepreneurship by Forbes Magazine, USA 2013 — Asian American/ Asian Research Leadership Award, USAYunus received 48 honorary doctorate degrees from universities from Argentina, Australia, Bangladesh, Belgium, Canada, Costa Rica, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Lebanon, Malaysia, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Thailand, Turkey, UK, USA and Peru."@en .corpus168.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maman_Sambo_Sidikou> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The West African nation of Niger has sent a former government journalist who earned his graduate degrees in the U.S. to serve as its ambassador to Washington. Maman Sambo Sidikou presented his credentials to the President Barack Obama on January 18, 2012.Born circa 1949, Sidikou earned an Associate’s degree from the Universidad de Madrid in Spain, a diplôme supérieur in Journalism at the Université de Dakar in Senegal, a Master’s degree in Communications from the University of Texas at Austin, and a PhD in 1994 in Education from Florida State University, where he was also a research associate at the university’s Learning Systems Institute’s Center for International Studies. His dissertation was entitled, “Adult education and the cross-cultural transfer of innovation: A critical analysis of the Rural Organizations Development policy in Niger.”Sidikou worked as a journalist at the Ministry of Information’s Office de Radiodiffusion et Télévision du Niger (ORTN) from 1976 to 1979, serving as director of national television from 1979 to 1981. Sidikou’s early government experience included service as director in the Cabinet of the Prime Minister in 1983.After Colonel Ibrahim Baré Maïnassara led a coup in January 1996, Sidikou served his government as a minister advisor to the Office of the Presidency from 1996 to 1997, and as minister of Foreign Relations from December 1, 1997 to April 1999, when Baré was assassinated in a coup, after which Sidikou served as minister and director of the Cabinet of the National Reconciliation Council, which ruled Niger until elections in late 1999.After the transition to a democratically elected government was completed in December 1999, Sidikou began a decade of service for several international development organizations. He served as chief of education, water and sanitation with UNICEF in Abuja, Nigeria, from 2000 to 2001, and team leader for the UNICEF Back-To-School Campaign in Kabul, Afghanistan, from 2001 to 2002. Leaving UNICEF for the World Bank, Sidikou was senior education specialist in Washington, D.C., from 2002 to 2005. He then returned to UNICEF, serving as U.N. cluster coordinator for education and culture with the UNICEF Program Irak in Amman, Jordan, from 2005 to 2007, and as chief of education for UNICEF in Nigeria from 2007 to 2010. He was then country director for Rwanda (2010) and the Democratic Republic of Congo (2010-2011), working with USAID, the United Nations, the World Bank and Save the Children to coordinate programming and dialogue with development partners. He had previously been a human development manager with USAID in Niamey, Niger, from 1994 to 1995.Sidikou speaks French, Spanish, English, Hausa and Zarma-Songhay. He is married to Fatima Djibo-Sidikou, a diplomat serving as chargé d’affaires at the Nigerien embassy in Washington, and has two children.Maman Sambo Sidikou is a former Nigerien politician. Sidikou was named foreign minister on 1 December 1997 replacing Ibrahim Hassane Mayaki, and remained in that position until a coup in April 1999, when he was replaced by Aïchatou Mindaoudou."@en .corpus168.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_contemporary_comedians_using_blackface> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The style known as blackface in which an actor or entertainer dons black make-up and sometimes affect a caricature of a racial stereotype is widely seen as dated, and confined to archive performances from the likes of Al Jolson and G.H.Elliott. However the style saw a resurgence in the 1990s and is still used in an ironic or postmodern way by some comedians. Thus they often ridicule the idea of blackface or minstrelsy rather than blacks themselves. Some recent examples of blackface work by modern comedians include the following. The context is important as this style differs from that used by the entertainers of the early twentieth century and before: The Goodies The Goodies realise that the viewing figure (ratings) of the Black and White Minstrel Show halved when blacking up was abandoned, and realise that they can double the viewing figures of any television programme (such as The Six Million Dollar Man) by making half the performers \"black up.\" The Monty Python team. In Monty Python's Life of Brian (1979) John Cleese used blackface to play one of the three wise men and in Monty Python's The Meaning of Life (1984), Terry Gilliam used facial prosthetics for a blackface appearance as a Zulu tribesman. In one of the episodes of Monty Python's Flying Circus, Eric Idle donned blackface as part of a sketch on an Attila the Hun sitcom. Harry Enfield in Norbert Smith - a Life (The context was playing an aging actor in his decline, in turn playing Nelson Mandela) and again in Harry & Paul playing Nelson Mandela. Hugh Laurie in Jeeves and Wooster (Series 2, Episode 5) Wooster performs in an amateur minstrel troupe. Operation Good Guys (Twice - The first context was racially naïve policemen attempting to understand minorities by dressing up as members of those groups. The second was putting on a show including a minstrel act). Rory Bremner The impressionist often appears in blackface to play newsreader and presenter Sir Trevor McDonald. The League of Gentlemen (comedy) series has a regular character Papa Lazarou who is a circus owner in blackface. The final episode reveals that the apparent blackface is, in fact, his natural appearance.  Little Britain. In a 2003 episode, Matt Lucas and David Walliams are seen to be two minstrels living together hearing an alarming announcement on the radio of plans by the Home Secretary to send Minstrels back to Minstrel Land. In the third series (2005), David Walliams wears blackface (and a fatsuit) to play a character called \"Desiree\". Harmony Korine In Stop for a Minute short entitled Korine Tap. Korine is pictured tap dancing in blackface in his backyard, with actor Johnny Depp.  Saturday Night Live features Fred Armisen, who plays U.S. President Barack Obama in sketches in a lightly toned variation of blackface (often called \"honeyface\"). \"Blacking up\" was not permitted by Stars in Their Eyes (a British television talent program), and impersonating stars outside of race was not encouraged by the producers although they did allow skin tone to be changed slightly. Erik van Muiswinkel is a famous Dutch comedian who plays Zwarte Piet.↑ ↑"@en .corpus168.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Barton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Barton (born June 2, 1967) is a former Microsoft executive and founder of online travel company (and Microsoft spinoff) Expedia, Inc., real-estate internet company Zillow, and job search engine and career community Glassdoor.  In 2002 he was named as one of the top 100 innovators under 35 by MIT Technology Review.  In April 2014, he was named to Barack Obama's Presidential Ambassadors for Global Entrepreneurship."@en .corpus169.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Garcia> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "José Antonio Garcia, Jr. (born October 12, 1963), known as Joe Garcia, is the former U.S Representative for Florida's 26th congressional district; he was defeated in his 2014 bid for re-election and left office on January 3, 2015. The district includes most of western Miami-Dade County, as well as the Florida Keys. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He is the former executive director of the Cuban American National Foundation and was nominated by President Barack Obama to be director of the Office of Minority Economic Impact and Diversity of the United States Department of Energy, a position for which he was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate."@en .corpus169.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Keith_Olbermann's_special_comments> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Keith Olbermann occasionally delivers \"special comments\", commentaries usually several minutes long and often directed at a political figure, on his MSNBC news show, Countdown with Keith Olbermann. The first commentary specifically designated as a special comment was delivered on August 30, 2006. He continues this practice on his CurrentTV program, also called Countdown.Olbermann originates and writes his special comments himself, which he has described as a two-day process that begins with \"[getting] pissed off\" and involves a number of rewrites and rehearsals before the show airs. Olbermann delivered a total of 57 Special Comments on MSNBC's Countdown.  The special comments almost always take the form of criticism of the conservatives, including the Bush administration, Newt Gingrich or Tom DeLay.He also criticizes the Democratic Party and President Barack Obama when they seem to be catering to the whims of the right wing. His criticism of Hillary Clinton's response to the comments of Geraldine Ferraro about Barack Obama and the comments aftermath was the first time a special comment has been \"directed exclusively at a Democrat.\"Some of his most vehement Special Comments are about the need for universal health care in the United States. He has appealed to viewers several times to support the National Association of Free Clinics. On October 6, 2009, Olbermann delivered a one-hour Special Comment devoted entirely to the need for health care reform, detailing history, statistics, and a personal account about what he witnessed while caring for his ailing father.Olbermann's special comments have generated much attention and controversy, especially on the Internet. They have been viewed hundreds of thousands of times on YouTube. The day after the first special comment, Olbermann's name became the #4 search term on Technorati and the Amazon.com ranking of his book Worst Person in the World jumped from #98 to #19. On at least two instances, excerpts from special comments have been entered into the Congressional Record, including a speech by West Virginia Representative Nick Rahall on the House floor.A book compiling Olbermann's Special Comments, Truth and Consequences: Special Comments on the Bush Administration's War on American Values, was released on December 26, 2007, containing all the Special Comments that aired on or before September 4, 2007, including the one on Hurricane Katrina."@en .corpus17.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Kennedy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ethel Skakel Kennedy (born April 11, 1928) is an American socialite. She is also the widow of Senator Robert F. Kennedy and a prominent member of the Kennedy family. She founded the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights, a nonprofit charitable organization that works to realize Robert Kennedy's dream of a peaceful and just world by advancing human rights. In 2014, President Barack Obama awarded her a Presidential Medal of Freedom."@en .corpus17.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Edwards> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edwin Washington Edwards (born August 7, 1927) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as the U.S. Representative for Louisiana's 7th congressional district from 1965 to 1972 and as the 50th Governor of Louisiana for four terms (1972–1980, 1984–1988 and 1992–1996), twice as many elected terms as any other Louisiana chief executive. He served a total of sixteen years in office, the sixth-longest serving gubernatorial tenure in post-Constitutional U.S. history at 5,784 days.A colorful, powerful and legendary figure in Louisiana politics, Edwards, who has been dubbed the \"very last of the line of New Deal Southern Democrats\", was long dogged by charges of corruption. In 2001, he was found guilty of racketeering charges and sentenced to ten years in Federal prison. Edwards began serving his sentence in October 2002 in Fort Worth, Texas, and was later transferred to the federal facility in Oakdale, Louisiana. Edwards was released from federal prison in January 2011, after serving eight years. He entered into home confinement at his daughter's Denham Springs, Louisiana home through the supervision of a halfway house, on January 13, 2011. Following that, Edwards was placed on parole. In February 2013, Edwards was granted early release from parole. His wife Trina made the announcement on her Facebook page.Supporters lobbied President Barack Obama for a pardon for Edwards so that he might run in the 2011 Louisiana gubernatorial election. Obama did not reply to petitions by supporters of Edwards and without a pardon, Edwards remains ineligible to seek the governorship until 15 years have passed from the end of his sentence. In 2013, Edwards co-starred, alongside his third wife Trina, in an A&E reality show, The Governor's Wife based on their life together. In February 2014, Edwards announced his candidacy for the 2014 election to represent Louisiana's 6th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives."@en .corpus17.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punahou_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Punahou School (formerly Oahu College) is a private, co-educational, college preparatory school located in Honolulu CDP, City and County of Honolulu in the U.S. State of Hawaii.  With about 3,760 students attending the school, in kindergarten through the twelfth grade, it is the largest independent school in the United States.Founded in 1841, the school has a rich history, a wide variety of programs and many notable alumni.Along with academics and athletics, Punahou offers visual and performing arts programs. In 2006, Punahou School was ranked as the \"greenest\" school in America. The student body is diverse, with student selection based on both academic and non-academic considerations. In 2008 and 2009, Punahou's sports program was ranked best in the country by Sports Illustrated.Punahou's alumni and former students include leaders such as U.S. President Barack Obama ('79) and Chinese revolutionary Sun Yat-sen, decorated military veterans including Medal of Honor recipient Francis Wai ('35), Olympic medalists and award-winning actors and musicians."@en .corpus17.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_United_States_(1991–present)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The history of the United States from 1991 to present began after the fall of the Soviet Union which signaled the end of the Cold War and left the U.S. unchallenged as the world's dominant superpower. The U.S. took a leading role in military involvement in the Middle East. The U.S. expelled an Iraqi invasion force from Kuwait, a Middle Eastern ally of the U.S., in the Persian Gulf War. On the domestic front, the Democrats returned to the White House with the election of Bill Clinton in 1992. In the 1994 midterm election, the Republicans gained control of Congress for the first time in 40 years. Strife between Clinton and the Republicans in Congress initially resulted in a federal government shutdown following a budget crisis, but later they worked together to pass welfare reform, the Children's Health Insurance Program, and a balanced budget. Charges from the Lewinsky scandal led to the 1998 impeachment of Clinton by the House of Representatives but he was later acquitted by the Senate. The U.S. economy boomed in the enthusiasm for high-technology industries in the 1990s until the NASDAQ crashed as the dot-com bubble burst and the early 2000s recession marked the end of the sustained economic growth.In 2000, Republican George W. Bush was elected president in one of the closest and most controversial elections in U.S. history. Early in his term, his administration approved education reform and a large across-the-board tax cut aimed at stimulating the economy. Following the September 11 attacks in 2001, the U.S. embarked on the War on Terror, starting with the 2001 war in Afghanistan. In 2003, the U.S. invaded Iraq, which deposed the controversial regime of Saddam Hussein but also resulted in a prolonged conflict that would continue over the course of the decade. The Homeland Security Department was formed and the controversial Patriot Act was passed to bolster domestic efforts against terrorism. In 2006, criticism over the handling of the disastrous Hurricane Katrina (which struck the Gulf Coast region in 2005), political scandals, and the growing unpopularity of the Iraq War helped the Democrats gain control of Congress. Saddam Hussein was later tried, charged for war crimes and crimes against humanity, and executed by hanging. In 2007, President Bush ordered a troop surge in Iraq, which ultimately led to reduced casualties. The collapse of the housing bubble, which led into the late-2000s recession, helped the Democrats gain the presidency in 2008 with the election of Barack Obama. The government enacted large loans and economic stimulus packages aimed at improving the economy. Obama's domestic initiatives also included the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which by means of large reforms to the American healthcare system, created a National Health Insurance program. President Obama eventually withdrew combat troops from Iraq, and shifted the country's efforts in the War on Terror to Afghanistan, where a troop surge was initiated in 2009. In 2010, due to continued public discontent with the economic situation, unemployment, and federal spending, Republicans regained control of the House of Representatives and reduced the Democratic majority in the Senate. In 2011, Obama announced that al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces during a covert operation in Pakistan while the Iraq War was declared formally over the same year. The following year Obama was re-elected president. In June 2013, the Supreme Court struck down Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act, which resulted in the recognition of legally performed same-sex marriages by the federal government. A series of deadly mass shootings, especially the Columbine High School massacre, Aurora movie theater massacre, and the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre, sparked a heated debate over gun control and the causes of these events. After the killings of Trayvon Martin, Eric Garner, and Michael Brown by law enforcement resulted in no prosecution, discussions, protests, and riots against racial profiling, police brutality, and overall race relations were sparked between White and Black Americans in the United States."@en .corpus17.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Kirk> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ronald \"Ron\" Kirk (born June 27, 1954) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party.Born in Austin, Texas, Kirk is a graduate of Austin's John H. Reagan High School (where General Mark Welsh, Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force in the Obama Administration, was one year ahead of him), Austin College and the University of Texas School of Law. From 1994 to 1995, Kirk worked as the Secretary of State of Texas, until he was elected as the Mayor of Dallas, where he served from 1995 to 2002 and was the first African-American to hold either of those positions. He ran for the United States Senate in 2002, but was defeated by Republican opponent John Cornyn. After his defeat, Kirk worked as a partner at the Houston-based law firm Vinson & Elkins and worked as a lobbyist for Energy Future Holdings and Merrill Lynch.Kirk was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve as U.S. Trade Rep and on March 18, 2009, and was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in a 92–5 confirmation vote. On January 22, 2013, Kirk announced that he would be stepping down as U.S. Trade Rep."@en .corpus17.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_Employees_International_Union> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Service Employees International Union (SEIU) is a labor union representing about 1.9 million workers in over 100 occupations in the United States (including Puerto Rico), and Canada. SEIU is focused on organizing workers in three sectors: health care (over half of members work in the health care field), including hospital, home care and nursing home workers; public services (local and state government employees); and property services (including janitors, security officers and food service workers).SEIU is the fastest growing labor union in the United States and has over 150 local branches. It is affiliated with the Change to Win Federation and the Canadian Labour Congress. SEIU is based in Washington, D.C., and has several internal divisions which include: Communications, Government Affairs, New Media, Organizing, Political, Global Strength, Pension/Benefits, Community Strength, Research, and Legal.The union states that its top priorities are to stand up for working families to help bring economic relief to millions across the country, fix the nation's \"broken health care system,\" and fight to guarantee workers' rights on the job. SEIU is sometimes referred to as the \"purple ocean\" at political events because of the union's recognizable purple shirts. The union is also known for its Justice for Janitors  program and strong support for Democratic candidates. It spent $28 million supporting Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election. As of 2014, SEIU is leading the charge against certain practices of the fast-food restaurant industry."@en .corpus17.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grammy_Award_for_Best_Spoken_Word_Album> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album has been awarded since 1959. The award had several minor name changes:In 1959 the award was known as Best Performance, Documentary or Spoken WordFrom 1960 to 1961 it was awarded as Best Performance - Documentary or Spoken Word (other than comedy)From 1962 to 1963 it was awarded as Best Documentary or Spoken Word Recording (other than comedy)From 1964 to 1965 it was awarded as Best Documentary, Spoken Word or Drama Recording (other than comedy)In 1966 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word or Drama RecordingFrom 1967 to 1968 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word, Documentary or Drama RecordingFrom 1969 to 1979 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word Recording From 1980 to 1983 it returned to the title of Best Spoken Word, Documentary or Drama RecordingFrom 1984 to 1991 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word or Non-Musical RecordingFrom 1992 to 1997 it was awarded as Best Spoken Word or Non-Musical AlbumSince 1998 it has been awarded as Best Spoken Word AlbumThe category now also includes audio books, poetry readings and story telling.Three US Presidents have won the awards: Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, along with spoken recordings of John F. Kennedy and Franklin D. Roosevelt.  Four U.S. Senators have won: Barack Obama, Everett Dirksen, Al Franken, and Hillary Clinton.Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for a recording released in the previous year. Winners are indicated in boldface."@en .corpus170.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Yonda> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Aaron \"Cape Date\" Yonda (born January 19, 1973) is an American comedian, writer, actor, and director from  Menomonie, Wisconsin. He is most notable for playing the role of Chad Vader in Chad Vader: Day Shift Manager, a web serial he co-produces with friend Matt Sloan, who also provides the voice of Chad. Aaron has been involved with numerous projects and accounts on YouTube which span around a decade.  Some of his most notable projects on his Blame Society Films channel are, of course, Chad Vader which he is best known for, Beer and Board Games, and various Chad Vader-related spin-off series.  He also releases massive amounts of comical content on his Game Society Pimps channel along with Emre Cihangir and Adam Koralik, both from Figure It Out Productions out of Chicago, IL, including Skyrim For Pimps, Fallout For Pimps, Christopher Walkenthroughs, and other various series.  His Christopher Walkenthrough videos are featured regularly on the massively popular Machinima channel.  All videos including Christopher Walken, Barack Obama, Morgan Freeman, and more are all voiced by his good friend, Jason Stephens, who is also a regular on different shows on the BlameSociety channel. Aaron has received many nicknames on the popular YouTube show 'Beer and Board Games', such as Dip B'Sac, and most recently, Cape Date, for arriving at a date wearing a cape.  Prior to creating Chad Vader, Yonda was known as one of the co-creators of the Madison Public access television show \"The Splu Urtaf Show\".  He is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire.  His short film, The Life and Death of a Pumpkin swept the Chicago Horror Film Festival awards, receiving \"Best Short Film\" and \"Concept.\" Yonda's shorts have screened at festivals worldwide including the Just for Laughs Comedia Festival, and the Worldwide Short Film Festival in Toronto.  Aaron Yonda is also a member of the popular comedy troupe, Monkey Business Institute, out of Madison, Wisconsin.  He performs improv comedy onstage with the rest of the institute, who are regulars on most of his shows."@en .corpus170.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Drake> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For other persons named Jim Drake, see Jim Drake (disambiguation)James A. Drake in March 2007, was named President of Brevard Community College (BCC), a public college with campuses in Palm Bay, Melbourne, Cocoa, and Titusville, Florida.  With average annual enrollments of over 27,000 students, Brevard Community College (now Eastern Florida State College) remains one of the 100 largest community colleges in the U.S.  Prior to his appointment at Brevard, Drake served as Associate Vice President for Academic Affairs and Director of the University of Central Florida's Southern Region campuses, through a partnership with Brevard Community College.Born in Columbus, Ohio in 1944, Drake earned the Ph.D. degree from The Ohio State University in 1973.  Two years earlier, while completing his doctoral studies, he accepted an offer to join the faculty of Ithaca College (Ithaca, NY).  During his eight-year service as a tenured professor and academic administrator, he served as chair of the Department of Education, Associate Director of Graduate Studies, and Director of Televised Studies. In the latter role, he worked with PBS station WNET/13 in New York for the distribution of credit-earning television courses for teachers in New York State and New Jersey.  Subsequently, Drake served as an academic administrator at the University of Tampa (1979-84), Findlay College (1984-87), and Clemson University (as Executive Director of the University Center, Greenville, S.C., 1988-94).  In 1987-88 he served as a full-time research consultant and equity partner with an Ohio-based management consulting firm, co-directing the higher-education division. Drake is the author of seven books and more than fifty articles. Two of his biographies, Ponselle: A Singer’s Life (Doubleday & Company), and Richard Tucker: A Biography (E. P. Dutton Company), with forewords by tenor Luciano Pavarotti, were selected as “Books of the Month” by the National Book Clubs of America.  Some fifteen years after Ponselle:  A Singer's Life was published, Drake returned to his first subject in Rosa Ponselle:  A Centenary Biography (Amadeus Press), in which he employed a postmodern format to present and analyze conflicting accounts of the legendary American soprano's life and career.   His other books include Teaching Critical Thinking (1976), a textbook stemming from his doctoral research at Ohio State; Popular Culture and American Life (with M. W. Laforse, 1980); and  Lily Pons:  A Centennial Portrait (with K. B. Ludecke, 1999).Drake was a contributing author to American National Biography, the 24-volume series published by the Oxford University Press in 1999, as well as to The International Dictionary of Opera published in 2004 by the St. James Press.  He also served on the editorial board of The Opera Quarterly, a vocal-music journal published by the Oxford University Press, and formerly by the Duke University Press.  His expertise in 19th and 20th century operatic performances led to his serving as a co-host of the radio series \"Voices That Live,\" created by producer-announcer Don Martin (Martin Jager) and originating from the CBS Radio affiliate in Ithaca, N.Y.  When the series was revived and syndicated in the late 1980s, Drake and his new co-host, broadcaster Charles Koelsch in Greenville, S.C., received the Certificate in Arts and Culture award from the International Radio Festival Association in New York.After relocating to Florida's Space Coast in 1994, Drake served on the governing boards of various community agencies including United Way of Brevard County, Junior Achievement of East Central Florida, the National Space Club—Florida Committee, LEAD Brevard, the Board of Directors of Wuesthoff Health Systems, and the Brevard County Administrative Board of SunTrust Bank.  He was appointed as a layperson to, respectively, the 18th Judicial Circuit Nominating Commission and 18th District Grievance Committee of the Florida Bar Association.In July 2008, prior to U.S. Presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain appearing at the BCC Titusville and Cocoa campuses, Brevard Community College was featured on CNN and in The New York Times, Time Magazine, and other regional and news sources for the College's innovative energy-reduction initiatives under Drake's leadership as President.In December 2008, Drake again received national press coverage after donating approximately $100,000 of his income to create textbook scholarships for students.  Drake's donation, which CNN featured on Christmas morning 2008, yielded laudatory editorials and news stories nationally.Drake and his wife, Magali (Garriga) Drake, reside in Merritt Island, Florida.  His stepdaughters, psychologists Dr. Magali Balado and Kristie A. Balado, are alumnae of Brevard Community College."@en .corpus170.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_A._Gunn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Colonel Will A. Gunn is an American lawyer and former officer in the American Armed Forces. He was appointed by President Barack Obama to be the new general counsel for the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.He attended the United States Air Force Academy, graduating in 1980, and Harvard Law School, graduating in 1986.  While at Harvard, he was elected President of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau.  In 1990 Gunn was a White House Fellow and Associate Director of Cabinet Affairs. Mr. Gunn also has a Masters of Laws degree in Environmental Law from the George Washington University School of Law and a Master of Science degree in National Resource Strategy from the Industrial College of the Armed Forces.In 2003, he was asked to lead the military lawyers defending detainees before the Guantanamo Military Commissions.  After getting advice from friends, many of whom advised against taking the job, and his pastor, he accepted the position and was appointed.  His team wrote an amicus curae brief for the U.S. supreme court in the 2003-2004 case (Rasul v. Bush) that ultimately established the right of detainees to bring cases in U.S. courts.  This brief opposed the administration's position and supported the detainees.  Colonel Gunn, the Pentagon general counsel and the White House counsel Alberto Gonzales all authorized for submission to the court.  He retired from the military in 2005 after more than 20 years of service.  Subsequently, he entered private law practice, led a charitable organization and served as a church minister.On October 21, 2004, Gunn was invited to address Duke Law School. After his address Gunn was asked whether the Military Commissions could be conducted in a manner that was fair and just.  He replied: \"“I’d prefer that you all come to your own conclusions as to whether we can have full and fair proceedings.”"@en .corpus170.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_honors_received_by_Maya_Angelou> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou (1928–2014)86 years was honored by universities, literary organizations, government agencies, and special interest groups.  Her honors include a Pulitzer Prize nomination for her book of poetry Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water 'fore I Diiie, a Tony Award nomination for her role in the 1973 play Look Away, and three Grammys for her spoken albums. Beginning in 1982, Angelou held the first lifetime Reynolds Professorship of American Studies at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.She served on two presidential committees – for Gerald Ford in 1975 and for Jimmy Carter in 1977. In 2000, she was awarded the National Medal of Arts by  President Bill Clinton. In 2010, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor in the U.S., by President Barack Obama.More than thirty health care and medical facilities have been named after Angelou. She was awarded more than fifty honorary degrees.  Rollins College, a liberal arts institution in Winter Park, Florida, honored Angelou in several ways, including numerous invitations to speak to its student body, an honorary degree in 1985, the institution of the Maya Angelou Resource Library in 1989, and a stone dedicated to her on the campus's Walk of Fame in 1994."@en .corpus171.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Parker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "General Sir Nicholas Ralph \"Nick\" Parker KCB CBE (born 1954) is a former British Army officer who served as Commander Land Forces (formerly Commander-in-Chief, Land Forces) until December 2012.As a general officer, Parker served in Northern Ireland as well as in Sierra Leone, Iraq and Afghanistan and in staff roles including governor of Edinburgh Castle, commandant of the Joint Services Command and Staff College and Commander of Regional Forces, a role that also gave him the duties of inspector-general of the Territorial Army. Between 2005 and 2006, Parker served as deputy commanding general of Multi-National Force – Iraq, before appointment to General Officer Commanding, Northern Ireland, in which role he had the responsibility of overseeing the withdrawal of troops from the streets of Northern Ireland for the first time in over thirty years.While on holiday in 2009, Parker and his wife received news that their son, Harry, a captain with The Rifles, had been seriously wounded in Afghanistan. Harry eventually lost both legs as a result of a roadside bomb attack while leading his patrol. Parker later gave interviews about the ordeal the family went through with Harry's injuries, calling the experience \"foul\". Later the same year, Parker himself deployed to Afghanistan on a twelve-month tour, becoming the commander of the British forces in the country and deputy commander of the International Security Assistance Force, second in command to American General Stanley A. McChrystal. In June 2010, McChrystal was relieved of his command of ISAF by President Barack Obama, leaving Parker as acting commander of ISAF for just over a week until General David Petraeus was confirmed as the new commander."@en .corpus171.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Reachin_Up> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Keep Reachin Up '​ is a studio album by soul recording act Nicole Willis And The Soul Investigators, released on Timmion Records in 2005. The music is by Nicole Willis and the Soul Investigators and the record is produced by producer Didier Selin. Timmion Records is located in Helsinki, Finland.The title track of the album 'Keep Reachin' Up' was chosen as one of many songs on US President Barack Obama's Re-election Spotify Playlist in February 2012."@en .corpus171.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Mentoring_Month> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "National Mentoring Month is a campaign held each January to promote youth mentoring in the United States. It was inaugurated in 2002, and is spearheaded by the Harvard School of Public Health, MENTOR, and the Corporation for National and Community Service.Each year since 2002, President Barack Obama has endorsed the campaign by proclaiming March as National Mentoring Month. The declaration has been endorsed by both chambers of the United States Congress. The campaign's media partners have included ABC, CBS, Fox News, and NBC; Comcast; the National Association of Broadcasters; Time Warner; and Viacom.Participants in the National Mentoring Month campaign include leading nonprofit organizations and numerous governors and mayors. Designated nonprofit and governmental agencies are responsible for coordinating local campaign activities in communities across the country, including media outreach and volunteer recruitment. Local lead partners include state and local affiliates of MENTOR/National Mentoring Partnership, Corporation for National and Community Service, Points of Light Foundation and Volunteer Center National Network, America's Promise, Big Brothers Big Sisters of America, Communities in Schools, and United Way of America. A highlight of the campaign is Thank Your Mentor Day, in which Americans thank and honor their mentors. People are encouraged to contact their mentors directly to express appreciation, become a mentor in their own community, make a financial contribution to a local mentoring program, or post a tribute on WhoMentoredYou.org.Colin Powell was the lead spokesperson for National Mentoring Month 2009.As President, Barack Obama agreed to be featured in a print ad in support of National Mentoring Month 2009."@en .corpus171.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Madan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Madan is a TV personality and currently a Parliamentary reporter with CTV National News. Until January 2010, he was Political & Money Specialist on Citytv in Toronto. He was seen on, CityNews at 6 and CityNews Tonight (weekdays).An accomplished journalist and political specialist, Madan has covered several federal elections, and was CTV’s lead reporter assigned to the NDP for the 2011 Federal election, chronicling the party’s meteoric rise. Madan has also covered provincial elections, U.S. Primaries, and was reporting live from Chicago when Barack Obama was first elected President of the United States. Madan is at home covering high profile international assignments – from political summits to trade missions around the world. He has also reported live from earthquake-devastated Haiti.Born and raised in Georgia, U.S., Madan moved to Canada as a child at the peak of Pierre Trudeau's National Energy Program, while the post-Nixon/ Watergate scandal continued to evolve in the United States. These controversial and historic events sparked Madan’s interest and subsequent career in politics. After studying Political Science at Carleton University, Madan worked as a policy aide to various MPs on Parliament Hill. Eventually he made the leap to the \"other side of the microphone\", freelancing for various newspapers including Southam News chain, the Ottawa Citizen and The Hill Times.Madan got his start in television with Global News in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He later joined the CBC as its Legislative Reporter, working out of the Manitoba Legislature. Madan filed regional and national stories including assignments at CBC's bureau on Parliament Hill as well as live market coverage at the Toronto Stock Exchange for CBC Newsworld.In 2005, Madan returned to Ontario joining CityNews as the station’s Business and Money Specialist - covering political issues, economics and marketing trends. In January, 2010, Madan moved to Ottawa and covers federal politics for CTV National News."@en .corpus171.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong_Bai_Ji> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kong Bai Ji is a contemporary Chinese artist born in Shanghai, in the People's Republic of China, in 1932. His works are included in the permanent collections of many of the world's top museums and cultural institutions, including The Art Institute of Chicago, Lincoln Center in New York, The National Art Museum of China, in Beijing, The Shanghai Art Museum, Harvard University, Smith College Museum of Art, The Soyanzi Art Museum in Tokyo, The Peace Museum in Hokkaido, Japan, and the sacred Kimpusen-ji temple in Nara, Japan—a designated Japanese national treasure. Kong's paintings were also on display in a special exhibit in the China Pavilion at Expo 2010 in Shanghai.The National Art Museum of China, one of Asia’s leading art museums, held a one-man exhibition in April 2012 to showcase 100 of Kong's paintings. Twenty paintings from the show have become part of the museum’s permanent collection. The event served as a retrospective of the work that Kong, who turned eighty in March 2012, produced during the prior sixty years of his life.On November 16, 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met with Shanghai's mayor Han Zheng in front of Kong Bai Ji's large mural at the Xijiao State Guest House, China's equivalent of Camp David, in Shanghai.During a 2011 exhibition at the University of Pennsylvania entitled \"Post-Mao Dreaming: Chinese Contemporary Art\", noted authorities on Chinese contemporary art Joan Lebold Cohen and Ethan Cohen discussed a painting of Buddha that Bai Ji Kong painted in the 1970s while visiting the Mogao Caves in Dunhuang in China's Gansu province. This important cultural site is also known as the Caves of the Thousand Buddhas (Chinese: 千佛洞; pinyin: qiān fó dòng). Joan Lebold Cohen commented, \"I felt of the artists I saw, which were many, who had gone to Dunhuang, none ever captured the spirit of Buddha as well as Kong Bai Ji.\"Kong Bai Ji began painting at age five. His first one-man show took place in 1964 at the Shanghai Arts Hall. In 1976, Kong was appointed head of the Department of Fine Arts at the Shanghai Academy. He emigrated to the United States with his family in 1986.In 2007, the Art Institute of Chicago acquired an oil-on-rice-paper painting by Kong entitled \"It's Spring Again\"."@en .corpus171.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_elections,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States general elections were held on November 4. The result was a significant victory for the Democratic Party on the national level, as they increased majorities in both houses of Congress and won the Presidency. Democrat Barack Obama defeated Republican John McCain in the presidential election. Riding Obama's coattails, the Democrats also picked up net gains of 8 Senate seats and 21 House seats.The governorships of 11 states and two U.S. territories were also up for election. Only one of them changed party hands: Democrat Jay Nixon won the Missouri gubernatorial election, replacing Republican Matt Blunt, who decided to retire instead of run for a second term.The major theme during the campaign was the American public's general desire of change and reform from both Washington and the policies of outgoing Republican President George W. Bush (Bush was term limited out of office per the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution). The economy and other domestic policies were also dominant issues, especially during the last months of the campaign after the onset of the 2008 economic crisis.Following the Democrats' victories from 2006, this became the first time in 76 years that the party had two back-to-back Democratic wave elections making substantial gains in Congress. The first was in 1930, followed by 1932."@en .corpus171.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_Solis_Doyle> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Patti Solis Doyle (born August 23, 1965) is an American political operative and was in 2008 a senior adviser to the presidential campaign of Barack Obama, where she was the campaign chief of staff to Joe Biden, Obama's vice presidential choice.Previously Solis Doyle was a longtime aide to Hillary Rodham Clinton, having started her association with the former First Lady as Clinton's assistant during Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign. She eventually became campaign manager for Hillary Clinton's 2000 Senate campaign, Clinton's 2006 re-election campaign and Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign from its inception until she was replaced by Maggie Williams in February 2008.  She currently does public speaking at events throughout the country."@en .corpus171.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food,_Conservation,_and_Energy_Act_of_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Pub.L. 110–234, H.R. 2419, 122 Stat. 923, enacted May 22, 2008, also known as the 2008 U.S. Farm Bill) was a $288 billion, five-year agricultural policy bill that was passed into law by the United States Congress on June 18, 2008. The bill was a continuation of the 2002 Farm Bill. It continues the United States' long history of agricultural subsidy as well as pursuing areas such as energy, conservation, nutrition, and rural development. Some specific initiatives in the bill include increases in Food Stamp benefits, increased support for the production of cellulosic ethanol, and money for the research of pests, diseases and other agricultural problems.On January 1, 2013, Congress passed the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 to avert the fiscal cliff and the next day President Barack Obama signed the Act into law. (Public Law No: 112-240) The \"fiscal cliff\" deal was primarily enacted to avoid automatic tax hikes and spending cuts, but also included provisions extending portions of the 2008 Farm Bill for nine months through September 30, 2013. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has demonstrated a commitment to working on a new five-year Farm Bill by reintroducing last session's Senate Farm Bill in the new 113th Congress."@en .corpus172.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Soetoro-Ng> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Maya Kassandra Soetoro-Ng (/ˈmaɪ.ə suːˈtɔəroʊ ˈɪŋ/; born August 15, 1970) is the maternal half-sister of President Barack Obama. Formerly a high school history teacher, she is a university instructor in Hawaii."@en .corpus173.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Dive> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Founded in 1995, Swan Dive is an American musical duo composed of Bill DeMain and Molly Felder. Swan Dive is best known for their album Circle, released in 1998. Their music is classified as bossa nova / pop.Swan Dive has appeared on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, and opened shows for Barack Obama, Over the Rhine and Sixpence None The Richer, and their music has been heard on television shows including Felicity, The L Word and Unfabulous. They have attracted fans both on the local scene and in Asia, particularly Japan, Korea and Thailand, where they’ve earned four Top 10 singles along with television appearances and multi-city tours. In early 2002, Swan Dive's Circle won in The 1st Annual Independent Music Awards for Best Pop Song.Bill DeMain is a Grammy-nominated writer (The Book Of Love: The Burt Bacharach Collection) and freelance journalist, whose songs have been recorded by Marshall Crenshaw, Jill Sobule, Amy Rigby, Marti Jones and others. Molly Felder has also sung jingles on a number of national advertising campaigns including Pepsi, Michelob and Chevrolet, and has backed well-known artists including Amy Grant, Michael McDonald and Ricky Skaggs."@en .corpus173.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/1972_Miami_Dolphins_season> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1972 Miami Dolphins season was the team’s seventh season, and third season in the National Football League. The 1972 Dolphins are the only National Football League team to win the Super Bowl with a perfect season. The undefeated campaign was led by coach Don Shula and notable players Bob Griese, Earl Morrall, and Larry Csonka. The 1972 Dolphins went 14–0 in the regular season and won all three post-season games, including Super Bowl VII against the Washington Redskins, to finish 17–0.The team remains the only NFL team to complete an entire season undefeated and untied from the opening game through the Super Bowl (or championship game). The closest team to repeating this feat was the 2007 New England Patriots. In addition, the Dolphins continued their winning streak to 18 straight games (regular season and post-season), before losing in the second week of the 1973 season.During the 1972 season, Bob Griese’s ankle was broken in Week 5 as he was sacked by San Diego Chargers defensive tackle Ron East and defensive end Deacon Jones. He was replaced by veteran Earl Morrall for the rest of the regular season. Griese returned to the field as a substitute during the AFC Championship game versus the Pittsburgh Steelers and then started for Miami in Super Bowl VII. On the ground, running backs Larry Csonka and Mercury Morris became the first teammates to each rush for 1,000 yards in a season. Paul Warfield led the receivers, averaging over 20 yards per catch on 29 receptions. The offensive line included future Hall of Fame members Jim Langer and Larry Little and Pro Bowler Norm Evans.The 1972 Dolphins defensive unit, called the No-Name Defense because Miami’s impressive offense received much more publicity, as well as Cowboys coach Tom Landry coining the phrase in an interview, was the league’s best that year. It was led by linebacker Nick Buoniconti, end Bill Stanfill, tackle Manny Fernandez, and safeties Dick Anderson and Jake Scott.  In all, nine players—Csonka, Morris, Warfield, Little, Evans, Buoniconti, Stanfill, Anderson and Scott—were selected to the Pro Bowl, and Morrall, Stanfill and Anderson were named 1st team All-Pro.On August 20, 2013, four decades after their accomplishment, President Barack Obama hosted the 1972 Dolphins, noting that they \"never got their White House visit\"."@en .corpus173.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHIRL_Magazine> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "WHIRL Magazine is a lifestyle magazine published in Pittsburgh, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. WHIRL has grown from one magazine into a publishing company with multiple titles, including Edible Allegheny, the resource for local food, the semi-annual WHIRL Wedding Guide', and the just-launched quarterly, WHIRL At Home. WHIRL was founded in 2001 and has the mission of showcasing the positive aspects and lifestyle of Western Pennsylvania.Cover stars include Beth Ostrosky Stern, Christina Aguilera, Taylor Swift and President of the United States, Barack Obama."@en .corpus174.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Groff> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter C. Groff (born April 21, 1963) is a member of the Obama administration and a former Colorado legislator and President of the Colorado Senate. An attorney, public servant, and political veteran, Groff was elected as a Democrat to the Colorado House of Representatives in 2000, then re-elected in 2002. In 2003, he was appointed to the Colorado Senate, where he represented Senate District 33, which includes northeastern Denver, Colorado. Groff was the first African-American to serve as Colorado Senate president pro tem and Senate President. In May 2009, he was selected by President Barack Obama to head the faith- based-initiatives center for the U.S. Department of Education."@en .corpus174.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Library_(Hawaii)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Hamilton Library at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa is the largest research library in the state of Hawaii. The Library serves as a key resource for the flagship Manoa campus (a land, sea and space grant institution) as well as the other University of Hawaii system campuses. It was designed by George Hogan who designed numerous houses on the island including Plantation Estate which is used by Barack Obama as his Winter White House."@en .corpus174.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tax_patent> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A tax patent is a patent that discloses and claims a system or method for reducing or deferring taxes. Tax patents have been granted predominantly in the United States but can be granted in other countries as well. They are considered to be a form of business method patent. They are also called \"tax planning patents\", \"tax strategy patents\", and \"tax shelter patents\". In September 2011, President Barack Obama signed legislation passed by the U.S. Congress that effectively prohibits the granting of tax patents in general."@en .corpus174.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_America's_Treasures> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Save America's Treasures is a United States federal government initiative to preserve and protect historic buildings, arts, and published works.  It is a public-private partnership between the U.S. National Park Service and the National Trust for Historic Preservation.  The National Endowment for the Arts, Heritage Preservation, and the National Park Foundation also are allied.Save America's Treasures was established by Executive Order 13072 in February 1998 by President Bill Clinton, in conjunction with the White House Millennium Council's activities.  Instrumental in its founding was then First Lady of the United States Hillary Rodham Clinton. Its Honorary Chair is the current First Lady.On December 9, 2009, First Lady Michelle Obama said “Save America’s Treasures invests in our nation’s irreplaceable legacy of buildings, documents, collections and artistic works. These awards empower communities all over the country to rescue and restore this priceless heritage, and ensure that future generations continue to learn from the voices, ideas, events and people represented by these projects.”  The First Lady is the Honorary Chairman of the President's Committee on the Arts and the Humanities (PCAH).Both the Save America's Treasures and the Preserve America grant programs have been eliminated by the Obama Administration, On January 30, 2010, President Barack Obama in his \"Tough Choices\" FY 2011 Budget proposed eliminating the Save America's Treasures and Preserve America grant programs, stating that \"both programs lack rigorous performance metrics and evaluation efforts so the benefits are unclear.\"In its decade of existence, the Save America's Treasures program allocated about $220 million which generated about $330 million from other sources and resulted in the preservation of about 900 historic structures and the creation of about 16,000 jobs.  This corresponds to a cost of about $13,000 to create each job."@en .corpus174.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Traub> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Traub, born in 1954, is a contributing writer for The New York Times Magazine, where he has worked since 1998. From 1994 to 1997, he was a staff writer for The New Yorker. He has also written for The New York Review of Books, The Atlantic Monthly, National Review and Foreign Affairs. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.As a freelance journalist, he has written many book reviews and other articles for the New York Times. His recent writing focuses on politics and international affairs, including profiles of Barack Obama, Al Gore and John McCain. He also wrote a book on Kofi Annan and the United Nations.New York City is the subject or background of several of his books. His 1990 book Too Good to Be True was about the rise and fall of Wedtech, a small Bronx manufacturing company that used no-bid contracts, fraud and corruption to win defense contracts during the Reagan administration. His 2004 book The Devil's Playground was about the history of Times Square, including its decline as a center of  adult businesses in the 1990s to its redevelopment under Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who was also the subject of several feature articles he wrote for the New York Times Magazine.He has written extensively on education issues, including his 1994 book City On A Hill, a profile of City College of New York, written after he spent 18 months on campus. He wrote a study of school reform called Better By Design for the Thomas B. Fordham Foundation that profiled ten approaches to school reform. He has also written articles about the No Child Left Behind Act and school choice.He is the son of Marvin Traub, formerly chairman of Bloomingdale's, and Lee L. Traub, chair emerita of the Martha Graham Center of Contemporary Dance. He is married to Elizabeth Easton, formerly the chair of the Department of European Painting and Sculpture at the Brooklyn Museum and an adjunct professor at New York University. He is a magna cum laude graduate of Harvard University (where his father attended both college and business school). He taught at the Maulana Azad College in Aurangabad, India. He was also a reporter for the New York Post and a senior editor of the Saturday Review."@en .corpus174.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Voters_of_Illinois-Independent_Precinct_Organization> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Independent Voters of Illinois-Independent Precinct Organization (IVI-IPO) is an independent, not-for-profit, Illinois political organization.  Often referred to by its acronym, IVI-IPO, has roots dating to 1944, when the Independent Voters of Illinois was founded.  In 1979 the IVI merged with the Independent Precinct Organization founded by Dick Simpson.  The organization is nonpartisan.  It states that it is \"dedicated to good government activism and an idealistic vision of open, honest government in Illinois through pragmatic means that confront cynicism and corruption with equal force.\"  The organization is organized into geographical  \"chapters\" and, while technically a statewide organization, is concentrated in the Chicago area.IVI-IPO works on voter registration drives, provides voter information, and supports endorsed candidates.  It endorses through a detailed questionnaire to candidates for office, followed by endorsement session vote of the \"chapter,\" followed in some cases, such as larger offices, by a vote of the board of directors.  The organization then typically prints and widely distributes, through newsprint flyers and often print media advertisement, a list of its endorsements, with explanations for voters. As the name indicates, the organization at one time attempted to build a precinct organization that was independent of the political parties.  By and large, the organization no longer conducts precinct work. The organization also acts as a lobbyist, primarily in the Illinois state legislature, on behalf of governmental reform issues.  Its adopted positions are generally liberal, and in recent years the organization, more often than not, endorses Democrats. It also endorses in primary races.The IVI-IPO supported Harold Washington in the Illinois House of Representatives and as Mayor of Chicago during the 1980s \"Council Wars.\" On January 13, 1996 the IVI-IPO endorsed community organizer Barack Obama early in his first attempt at elected office, his first run for the Illinois Senate. In the 2008 Democratic presidential primary contest, whether Barack Obama personally reviewed his answers to an IVI-IPO questionnaire filled out during his 2004 campaign for the U.S. Senate became a campaign controversy.In 2009, the IVI-IPO filed  suit claiming the City of Chicago’s 2008 concession agreement for the operation of its parking meters to a private company violated state law.The current State Chairman of IVI-IPO is Alonso Edgar Zaragoza, who succeeded two-term State Chair Bob Bartell, who also served four terms in the 1990s."@en .corpus175.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Start_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Even Start Program is a federally funded program in the United States that gives families access to training and support to create a literate home environment and enhance the academic achievement of their children. The program was first authorized in 1988, and administration was moved to individual states in 1992. The program aims to:Help children to reach their full potential as learners (early childhood education)Provide literacy training for parents (adult education)Help parents to become full partners in education of their children (parenting education)In May 2009, President <Barack Obama> proposed eliminating the program. As of June 2010, the program is still funded."@en .corpus175.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Dodd_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Chris Dodd presidential campaign of 2008 was launched on January 11, 2007 and ended on January 3, 2008 after a sixth place finish in the Iowa caucuses. Dodd, the Senior Senator from Connecticut, sought the nomination of the Democratic Party for President of the United States. Centering his campaign in the strategically important states of Iowa and New Hampshire, he tried to bring forth a platform of change. Dodd's performance in the opinion polls varied, but in the financial sphere, he had secured some notable and influential endorsements who had sufficiently funded his campaign.Dodd tried to follow in the pattern of New Englanders who have entered the race for the Democratic nomination and won, including John Kerry, Michael Dukakis, and John F. Kennedy. If elected, Dodd would have become the second Roman Catholic president (after Kennedy) and the second Connecticut-born president (after George W. Bush). He would have been the first Senator to win the presidency while in office since Kennedy was elected in 1960. After his withdrawal from the race, Dodd went on to endorse the eventual winner Barack Obama, and retired from the Senate in 2011."@en .corpus175.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_E._Williams,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Donald E. Williams, Jr. (born July 1, 1957) was first elected to the Connecticut General Assembly in a special election in 1993.  Prior to his service in the State Senate, he served two terms as the First Selectman for the town of Thompson.  In July 2004, Senator Williams was elected to serve as the President Pro Tempore, the highest-ranking legislator in the Connecticut General Assembly.  He has been reelected to this post five times, in 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011, and 2013.He serves as the Chair of the Legislative Management Committee and Vice-Chair of the Executive and Legislative Nominations Committee. He is Co-Chair of the Barack Obama for President Connecticut Leadership Council."@en .corpus175.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_House_of_Representatives_elections_in_North_Carolina,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States House of Representative elections of 2008 in North Carolina were held on 4 November 2008 as part of the biennial election to the United States House of Representatives.  All thirteen seats in North Carolina, and 435 nation-wide, were elected to the 111th United States Congress.  The party primary elections were held 6 May 2008.Carried on the coattails of Barack Obama winning the state in the presidential election, the Democrats added one seat to their seven won in 2006.  The Republican Party won the other five.  In the 8th district, Democrat Larry Kissell defeated incumbent Robin Hayes.  All other incumbents won re-election.  The Republicans' hold on the 10th district had been thought to be at risk by CQ Politics, but Republican Patrick McHenry won re-election.  The Democrats increased their total vote share by 1.5% state-wide, and 2.5% if excluding the 1st, which the Republicans didn't contest in 2006.It is not to be confused with the election to the North Carolina House of Representatives, which was held on the same day."@en .corpus175.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_G._Vickers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael George Vickers (born April 27, 1953) is an American defense official who is serving as the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence (USD-I) within the United States Department of Defense. He was born in Burbank, California. As USD-I, Vickers, who was appointed by President Barack Obama in 2010, is the Defense Department's top civilian military intelligence official. Before becoming USD-I, Vickers served as United States Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict.Before joining the Defense Department, Vickers served in the Army Special Forces as both a non-commissioned and commissioned officer, as well as a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) paramilitary operations officer from their elite Special Activities Division. While in the CIA, he played a key role in the arming of the resistance to the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan."@en .corpus175.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_W._Newton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lloyd W. \"Fig\" Newton (born December 24, 1942) is a retired United States Air Force four-star general who served as Commander, Air Education and Training Command (COMAETC) from 1997 to 2000. He was also the first African-American pilot in the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds.Newton was born in Ridgeland, South Carolina, where he graduated from Jasper High School. He earned a bachelor of science degree in aviation education from Tennessee State University in Nashville, where he was commissioned as a distinguished graduate through the Reserve Officer Training Corps program in 1966.After completing pilot training at Williams Air Force Base, Arizona, in June 1967, he attended F-4D qualification training at George Air Force Base, California. He flew 269 combat missions from Da Nang Air Base, South Vietnam, including 79 missions over North Vietnam. Newton was selected to join the U.S. Air Force Aerial Demonstration Squadron, the Thunderbirds, in November 1974. He held several positions including narrator, slot pilot and right wingman. From 1978 to 1982 he was assigned as an Air Force congressional liaison officer with the U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, D.C. He has commanded three wings and an air division, and held numerous staff positions. From 1993 to 1995 he was director of operations, J-3, United States Special Operations Command. Newton was a command pilot with more than 4,000 flying hours in the T-37, T-38, F-4, F-15, F-16, C-12 and F-117 stealth fighter.In 2000 Newton joined Pratt & Whitney as the Vice President of Business Development (Military Engines), a position that he held until 2006.In 2008 Newton endorsed Barack Obama for President and appeared on stage at the Democratic National Convention at Invesco Field with other former military leaders to lend support to Obama's campaign."@en .corpus175.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pantagraph> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Pantagraph  is a daily newspaper that serves Bloomington-Normal, Illinois, along with 60 communities and eight counties in the Central Illinois area. Its headquarters are in Bloomington and it is owned by Lee Enterprises. The newspaper has an estimated 107,000 daily readers. The name is derived from the Greek words \"panta\" and \"grapho,\" which has a combined meaning of \"write all things.\"Bloomington businessman Jesse W. Fell founded the newspaper on January 14, 1837, making it the oldest-running business in McLean County. W. O. Davis and his heirs owned the Pantagraph for many years until selling the paper to Chronicle Publishing Company in 1980. The paper was purchased by Pulitzer from Chronicle Publishing Company in 1999; Lee Enterprises bought Pulitzer in 2005.The paper was originally called The Bloomington Observer and McLean County Advocate. Through the years, the newspaper went through several name changes, such as The Whig, The Intelligencer, The Daily Pantagraph and The Pantagraph in 1985, finally shortened to just Pantagraph in 2006, changing back to The Pantagraph in 2008.The Pantagraph is a news partner of WEEK-TV, which is situated in East Peoria, Illinois.On October 26, 2008, The Pantagraph, previously known to swing in favor of Republicans, endorsed Barack Obama for President.The paper is one of the largest newspapers in terms of circulation in the area. The Pantagraph was the only morning newspaper in east central Illinois until The News-Gazette in nearby Champaign switched to a morning publication in June 2009."@en .corpus176.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Mirkin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chad A. Mirkin (born November 23, 1963) is an American chemist. He is the George B. Rathmann Professor of Chemistry, Professor of Medicine, Professor of Materials Science and Engineering, Professor of Biomedical Engineering, and Professor of Chemical and Biological Engineering, and Director of the International Institute for Nanotechnology and Center for Nanofabrication and Molecular Self-Assembly at Northwestern University. He received his B.S. degree from Dickinson College in 1986 and his Ph.D. from Penn State University in 1989.Mirkin is known for his development of nanoparticle-based biodetection schemes, the invention of Dip-Pen Nanolithography (recently recognized by National Geographic as one of the top 100 scientific discoveries that changed the world), and contributions to supramolecular chemistry, nanoelectronics, and nanooptics.  In 2010, he was listed as the most cited chemist in the world over the last decade in terms of total citations, the second highest most cited chemist in terms of impact factor, and the top most cited nanomedicine researcher.  He is one of only fifteen scientists, engineers and medical doctors, and the only chemist to be elected into all three branches of the National Academies.  He has published over 600 manuscripts (H-index =121) and has over 900 patents and patent applications (253 issued, over 90% licensed as of November 1, 2014).  These discoveries and innovations have led to over 1800 commercial products that are being sold world-wide.The focus of his research is on developing methods for controlling the architecture of molecules and materials on the 1 - 100 nm length scale and utilizing such structures in the development of analytical tools that can be used in the areas of chemical and biological sensing, lithography, catalysis, and optics. Mirkin has pioneered the use of biomolecules as synthons in materials science and the development of nanoparticle-based biodiagnostics. A common strategy used by Mirkin's group is the use of the unique properties of Spherical Nucleic Acids (SNAs, spherical arrangements of nucleic acids with or without organic or inorganic nanoparticle cores) to enable the synthesis of novel materials and colloidal crystals, the development of high sensitivity probes for chemical and medical diagnostic purposes, and single-entity structures capable of intracellular gene regulation.  His 1996 work with SNA-gold nanoparticle conjugates introduced the concept of a nanoparticle as an atom and nucleic acids as bonds, and it laid the ground work for the modern field of molecular diagnostics based upon well-defined nanoparticle and nanocrystal bioconjugates.  His genomic assays are the cornerstone of Nanosphere Inc.'s FDA-cleared Verigene system and EMD Millipore's SmartFlare platform.On April 27, 2009, it was announced that Mirkin was appointed to President Barack Obama's President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.Mirkin has served on over Editorial Advisory Boards, including the Journal of the American Chemical Society and Angewandte Chemie. He is the Founding Editor of the journal Small, one of the premier international nanotechnology journals, and he is an Associate Editor of the Journal of the American Chemical Society.  Mirkin is a founder of multiple companies, including Nanosphere, AuraSense, and AuraSense Therapeutics."@en .corpus176.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tong> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Morten Tong Chinese: 湯偉麟(born c. 1973) serves as a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives. First elected in November 2006, he represents the 147th district, which includes parts of Stamford and New Canaan.  Geographically the 147th is the largest district in Stamford, and includes Westover, North Stamford, Scofieldtown, as well as the western side of New Canaan.Tong is the first Asian American to serve in the Connecticut General Assembly, and the first Asian American to be elected at the state level in Connecticut's history.  He is the Vice-Chairman of the Energy and Technology committee and serves on the General Law and Judiciary committees.Tong was the first Connecticut legislator to endorse then-Senator Barack Obama for President."@en .corpus176.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicaid_Drug_Rebate_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program is a program in the United States that was created by the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 (OBRA'90). It requires that drug manufacturers have a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) in order for states to receive Federal Medicaid coverage of their products.  In 2007, 550 pharmaceutics companies participated in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and 49 states in addition to the District of Columbia supply drugs under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program.  In order for manufacturers to be eligible for Medicaid coverage a rebate agreement must be signed with Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).Section 606 of the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Balanced Budget Refinement Act of 1999 (BBRA) amended Section 1927(a)(1) allowing states to have the option of different rebate effective dates.  This section states that agreements to the rebate program that have been entered on or after November 29, 1999 may go into effect that day, and states option, any date after up to the first day of the quarter.At the time the law was enacted, managed care organizations were excluded from access to the drug rebate program.  In 1990, only 2.8 million people were enrolled in Medicaid managed care and so the savings lost by the exemption were relatively small.  Today, 21 million people are enrolled in capitated managed care plans.  The Drug Rebate Equalization Act of 2009 (DRE), introduced in the 111th United States Congress by Representative Bart Stupak as H.R. 904, and in the Senate by Senator Jeff Bingaman as S. 547, would equalize the treatment of prescription drug discounts between Medicaid managed care and Medicaid fee-for-service.  In offering Medicaid managed care plans access to the Medicaid drug rebate, this policy is seen as a way to provide relief for federal and state budgets, thereby mitigating the need for added cuts to Medicaid benefits or populations, and for drug carve outs, which negatively impact clinical care for Medicaid enrollees. The Congressional Budget Office has scored the DRE as saving $11 billion over ten years. This proposal has also been included in President Barack Obama’s 2010 United States federal budget. The DRE passed in both the House and Senate as part of their respective comprehensive health care reform legislation, and was signed into law on March 23, 2010 by President Obama with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. The DRE became effective upon enactment."@en .corpus176.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oghab_2> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Oghab 2 (\"Eagle 2\") (Persian: عقاب ۲‎) is an Iranian counter-espionage agency tasked to protect Iran's nuclear facilities from threats, including sabotage and cyber warfare. According to the New York Times, Iran has acknowledged that it is fighting nuclear espionage, and has foiled attempts to recruit spies and defectors to pass secrets out of their enrichment facilities. The New York Times also states this may be due to efforts rumoured to have started under the George W. Bush Administration in the United States to sabotage parts imported into Iran. It is claimed these efforts were accelerated under President Barack Obama's administration, with the facilities facing trouble with poor designs and difficulty obtaining parts, due to sanctions imposed by the United Nations."@en .corpus176.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattabesett_Trail> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Mattabesett Trail is a 50-mile (80 km) long, hook-shaped Blue-Blazed hiking trail in central Connecticut and a part of the New England National Scenic Trail. One half of the trail follows the high traprock ridges of the Metacomet Ridge, from Totoket Mountain in Guilford, Connecticut to Lamentation Mountain in Meriden, Connecticut from south to north. This ridge is known for its biodiversity, miles of scenic cliffs, and rugged hiking. The second half of the trail extends north from Guilford to Middletown, Connecticut and ends at the Connecticut River. Here, the trail follows an upland of metamorphic rock with occasional views and dense forests.Important features along the trail include Lamentation Mountain, Chauncey Peak, Higby Mountain, Besek Mountain, Fowler Mountain, Trimountain, Pistapaug Mountain, Totoket Mountain, the Broomstick Ledges, Seven Falls, and Coginchaug Cave. The Metacomet Trail continues north from Lamentation Mountain where the Mattabesett Trail leaves off.The geology, ecology, and landscape of the trail are similar to that of the Metacomet-Monadnock Trail to the north in Massachusetts.In 2000, the United States Congress authorized the National Park Service to research a new National Scenic Trail now tentatively called the New England National Scenic Trail in southern New England, which would include the Mattabesett Trail as well as the Metacomet-Monadnock Trail and the Metacomet Trail.On March 30, 2009 President Barack Obama signed the 'Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009' establishing the New England National Scenic Trail (and two other national scenic trails).The combination of the Metacomet, Monadnock and Mattabesett trails is also often referred to as the '3-M', 'MMM' or Metacomet-Monadnock-Mattabesett trail.  The New England National Scenic Trail will eventually include all or almost all of the 'MMM' trails as well as a proposed extension trail from the southernmost point on the Mattabesett Trail through Guilford, Connecticut to the northern shore of Long Island Sound."@en .corpus176.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grassroots_fundraising> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Grassroots fundraising is a method of fundraising used by or for political candidates, which has grown in popularity with the emergence of the Internet and its use by US presidential candidates like Howard Dean, Barack Obama and Ron Paul. Grassroots fundraising is a way of financing their campaigns for candidates who don't have significant media exposure of frontrunner status, or who are perhaps in opposition to the powerful lobby groups which influence the political party nominating process. It often involves mobilizing grassroots support to meet a specific fundraising goal or sets a specific day for grassroots supporters to donate to the campaign."@en .corpus177.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Richardson_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On January 21, 2007, New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson announced his candidacy for President of the United States on ABC's This Week with George Stephanopoulos, by virtue of forming a presidential exploratory committee.Richardson, who is of Hispanic descent, joined a diverse field for the Democratic nomination, which already included an African American in Senator Barack Obama of Illinois  and a female in Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York and became the first individual of Hispanic descent to mount a nationwide campaign for President. He withdrew from the race on January 10, 2008 after only placing fourth in the Iowa and New Hampshire primaries, the first two of the season."@en .corpus179.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2007–08_CBS_News_writers_strike> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2007–2008 CBS News writers strike is a strike action by news writers working for the U.S.-based news broadcaster CBS News. The strike began on November 19, 2007. In addition to CBS News, CBS's locally owned and operated station news operations (including CBS Radio's news radio stations like WCBS, WBBM, KYW and KNX) have been without a contract with the network since April 2005. While most news writers are members of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists, a labor union representing workers in the entertainment industry, CBS News and CBS-owned news station employees are represented by the Writers Guild of America. On November 19, 2007, employees voted to authorize strike action along with the rest of the guild. Democratic presidential candidates John Edwards, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Chris Dodd, Joe Biden and Bill Richardson said they would not cross picket lines for appearances on interview shows or a candidate debate.On January 9, 2008, the WGAE and CBS News struck a tentative deal.  On January 24, the WGA announced that its members had voted to ratify the contract, which runs to April 1, 2010."@en .corpus179.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_movement> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The patriot movement is a collection of various conservative, independent, largely rural, small-government, social movements in the United States that include organized militia members, tax protesters, sovereign or state citizens, quasi-Christian apocalypticists,  or combinations thereof. Adherents describe the movement as centered on a belief that individual liberties are in jeopardy due to unconstitutional actions taken by elected government officials, appointed bureaucrats, and some special interest groups outside of government, to illegally accumulate power. Journalists and researchers have associated the patriot movement with the right-wing militia movement and some in the movement with illegal acts of violence.Major events in America which alarm or inspire the Patriot Movement include the 1993 Waco siege, 1996 Summer Olympics, and the 1992 Ruby Ridge siege. After declining from 1996 to 2008, the number of patriot groups has increased dramatically following the election of Barack Obama to the presidency. Other factors leading to the increase in groups include the rise of social media, the rise of globalism, and increasing ethnic diversity in the United States.  The movement's iconography centers on themes relating to the American Revolution, such as the colonial Minuteman, the 13-star Betsy Ross flag, Uncle Sam, and the painting titled \"The Spirit of '76\"."@en .corpus179.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mount Obama (known as Boggy Peak until August 4, 2009) is the highest point in the nation of Antigua and Barbuda and on the island of Antigua. It lies in the far southwest of the island at 17°2′31″N 61°51′4″W, and rises to a height of 402 metres (1,319 ft) and is named after Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States."@en .corpus18.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Ailey> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alvin Ailey (January 5, 1931 – December 1, 1989) was an African-American choreographer and activist who founded the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater in New York City. He is credited with popularizing modern dance and revolutionizing African-American participation in 20th-century concert dance. His company gained the nickname \"Cultural Ambassador to the World\" because of its extensive international touring. Ailey's choreographic masterpiece Revelations is believed to be the best known and most often seen modern dance performance. In 1977, Ailey was awarded the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP. He received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1988, just one year before his death. In 2014, President Barack Obama selected Ailey to be a posthumous recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom."@en .corpus18.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bolden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles Frank Bolden, Jr. (born August 19, 1946) is the current Administrator of NASA, a retired United States Marine Corps Major General, and former NASA astronaut.A 1968 graduate of the United States Naval Academy, he became a Marine Aviator and test pilot. After his service as an astronaut, he became Deputy Commandant of Midshipmen at the Naval Academy. On May 23, 2009, President Barack Obama announced the nomination of Bolden as NASA Administrator and Lori Garver as Deputy NASA Administrator. Bolden was confirmed by the Senate on July 15, 2009. He is the first African American to head the agency on a permanent basis.Bolden is also the virtual host of the Shuttle Launch Experience attraction at Kennedy Space Center and serves on the board of directors for the Military Child Education Coalition."@en .corpus18.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent_Scowcroft> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brent Scowcroft KBE (/ˈskoʊkrɒft/; born March 19, 1925) is a retired United States Air Force Lieutenant General. He was the United States National Security Advisor under U.S. Presidents Gerald Ford and George H. W. Bush. He also served as Military Assistant to President Richard Nixon and as Deputy Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs in the Nixon and Ford administrations. He served as Chairman of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board under President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2005 and assisted President Barack Obama in choosing his national security team."@en .corpus18.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presumptive_nominee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In United States politics, the presumptive nominee is a political candidate who is assured of his or her party's nomination, but has not yet been formally nominated. A candidate may be considered a presumptive nominee after all other major competitors have dropped out and it is considered unlikely that the candidate will withdraw, be usurped, or be otherwise removed from the race. The presumptive nominee is the candidate who has not yet received the formal nomination of his or her political party at the party's nominating convention, but who has acquired enough delegate commitments through the primary elections and caucuses to be assured – barring unforeseen events – of the eventual nomination at the convention.The term is applicable to the candidate's selected running mate as well. The term is applied widely on the national level, notably in regard to the U.S. presidential nominating conventions, as well as at the statewide level.Different news organizations declare a person the presumptive nominee based on their own standards.  Not all news organizations use the term, other phrases such as apparent nominee and presumed nominee have been used.In the U.S. presidential elections, the selection of delegates has been increasingly shifted earlier in the process to produce a presumptive nominee as early as possible, even in the presence of many strong candidates. The rise of Super Tuesday in the 1980s has led to the emergence of a presumptive nominee in both major parties by early March in all recent elections with the exception of 2008, when a spirited contest between Democratic Party candidates Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama made it impossible for Obama to secure enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee until early June. George W. Bush and Al Gore were the presumptive nominees of their respective parties after Super Tuesday in 2000, and John Kerry was referred to as the presumptive nominee for the Democratic Party by May 2004. In May 2012, the Republican National Committee formally declared Mitt Romney the presumptive nominee for the Republican Party prior to his having received the minimum number of pledged delegates needed to clinch the nomination.In presidential elections when an incumbent is seeking reelection, the incumbent is traditionally his or her party's presumptive nominee. Recent examples include Ronald Reagan in 1984, Bill Clinton in 1996, George W. Bush in 2004, and Barack Obama in 2012. However, a strong challenger or a President with low approval ratings can negate that status: examples in recent history include Republican President Gerald Ford, who faced a challenge from Reagan in 1976, and Democratic President Jimmy Carter, challenged by Ted Kennedy in 1980. Despite such historical precedences, it is traditionally frowned upon for a candidate to challenge an incumbent for the party nomination."@en .corpus18.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_on_Environmental_Quality> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ) is a division of the Executive Office of the President that coordinates federal environmental efforts in the United States and works closely with agencies and other White House offices in the development of environmental and energy policies and initiatives. The most recent CEQ chairman was Nancy Sutley and was appointed by President Barack Obama December 15th 2008 and confirmed by the Senate January 22nd 2009. Sutley announced that she would step down as Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality in February, 2014."@en .corpus18.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Hudson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jennifer Kate Hudson (born September 12, 1981) is an  American recording artist, actress and spokesperson. She rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on the third season of American Idol, coming in seventh place.As an actress, she made her film debut portraying Effie White in Dreamgirls (2006), for which she gained worldwide acclaim and won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, a Golden Globe Award, a BAFTA Award, an NAACP Image Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She has also appeared in such films as Sex and the City (2008), The Secret Life of Bees (2008) and Winnie Mandela (2013). As a singer, Hudson won a Grammy Award for her debut album, Jennifer Hudson, released in 2008. The album spawned the hit single \"Spotlight\" and was certified gold by the RIAA, with sales exceeding a million copies worldwide. Her second album, I Remember Me, was released 2011 and was certified gold by the RIAA, producing the hit \"Where You At\".In October 2008, after Hudson's mother, brother and nephew were killed in a shooting, Hudson stepped out of the public eye for three months. Hudson resumed her public appearances in 2009 and has since performed at the Super Bowl XLIII, the Grammy Awards, American Idol,  and The Oprah Winfrey Show. Hudson has been described as a friend of President Barack Obama, who invited her to appear with him at a fundraiser in Beverly Hills in May 2009. She also performed at the White House at the \"Celebration of Music from the Civil Rights Movement\" event. Hudson has sold 1,280,000 albums and 2,237,000 singles in the United States as of February 2012. In 2013, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame."@en .corpus18.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Johnson_(politics)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James A. Johnson (born December 24, 1943) is a United States Democratic Party political figure, and the former CEO of Fannie Mae. He was the campaign manager for Walter Mondale's failed 1984 presidential bid and chaired the vice presidential selection committee for the presidential campaign of John Kerry. He briefly led the vice-presidential selection process for the 2008 Democratic presidential nominee, Senator Barack Obama."@en .corpus18.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepard_Fairey> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Frank Shepard Fairey (born February 15, 1970) is an American contemporary street artist, graphic designer, activist and illustrator who emerged from the skateboarding scene. He first became known for his \"Andre the Giant Has a Posse\" (…OBEY…) sticker campaign, in which he appropriated images from the comedic supermarket tabloid Weekly World News.He became widely known during the 2008 U.S. presidential election for his Barack Obama \"Hope\" poster. The Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston calls him one of today's best known and most influential street artists. His work is included in the collections at The Smithsonian, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego, the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C., the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts in Richmond, and the Victoria and Albert Museum in London."@en .corpus18.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Cliburn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harvey Lavan \"Van\" Cliburn, Jr., (/ˈklaɪbɜrn/; July 12, 1934 –  February 27, 2013) was an American pianist who achieved worldwide recognition in 1958 at the age of 23, when he won the first quadrennial International Tchaikovsky Piano Competition in Moscow at the height of the Cold War.His mother, an accomplished pianist who had studied under a student of Franz Liszt, discovered him playing at age three and mimicking one of her students. She began his own lessons. He developed a rich, round tone and a singing voice-like phrasing, having been taught from the start to sing each piece.Van Cliburn toured domestically and overseas. He played for royalty, heads of state, and every U.S. president from Harry S. Truman to Barack Obama."@en .corpus180.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Results_of_the_2008_Democratic_Party_presidential_primaries> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The results of the 2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries are the detailed outcomes of a series of contests by which members of the United States Democratic Party choose their candidate for the 2008 U.S. Presidential election. The contests are held in each of the fifty U.S. states, as well as the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Democrats Abroad. The outcomes include totals of delegates selected as well as popular vote totals.In order to secure the nomination at the convention, a candidate must receive at least 2,117 votes from delegates (a simple majority of the 4,233 delegate votes, bearing in mind half-votes from Florida, Michigan, Democrats Abroad and the territories of Guam, American Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).At the time of Hillary Clinton's suspending her campaign early on June 7, 2008, the superdelegate count was 246½ for her, and 478 for Barack Obama, with 99 still uncommitted of the 823½ total then existing.The breakdown by position for Clinton: 145 DNC, 52½ Representatives, 14 Senators, 17 add-ons, 10½ Governors, and 7½ DPLs.The breakdown by position for Obama:   229 DNC, 157 Representatives, 34 Senators, 29 add-ons, 20 Governors, and 9 DPLs.The breakdown for uncommitted voters was:     39 DNC,  22 Representatives, 1½ Senators, 32½ add-ons, 1 Governor, and 3 DPLs.Dodd and Byrd are considered Senators, the DNC lists them as DPL. Rendell is a Governor, the DNC lists him as a DPL."@en .corpus180.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Gruszynski> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stan Gruszynski (born February 6, 1949) is a former Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 71st district.  He served five terms as State Representative from 1984 to 1994. He is currently a member of the Democratic National Committee and, therefore, a superdelegate to the 2008 Democratic National Convention.  He endorsed Barack Obama in the 2008 United States Presidential Election. In June, 2008, Gruszynski announced he would seek the Democratic nomination for the 36th district of the Wisconsin State Assembly."@en .corpus180.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Iowa,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Iowa took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 7 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Iowa was won by the Democratic nominee, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, by a 9.54% margin of victory. Obama took 53.93% of the vote while his Republican opponent, Senator John McCain of Arizona, took 44.39%. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. In 2004, Republican George W. Bush had very narrowly won Iowa in his re-election bid, although prior to that the state had gone Democratic for four elections straight. A Midwestern state where agriculture plays a critical role in the daily lives of its citizens, Iowa is nevertheless an independent state. However, due to Obama's victory in the Iowa caucuses, Bush's unpopularity, and the troubling economy, the state easily fell into Obama's column later in the election season."@en .corpus180.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Sewall> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sarah Sewall is Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights at the U.S. State Department.  Previously, she was a Senior Lecturer at Harvard Kennedy School and a member of the Secretary of Defense's Defense Policy Board. She served as the first Deputy Assistant Secretary for Peacekeeping and Humanitarian Assistance during the Clinton administration and served on President Obama's national security and foreign policy transition team. Sewall was formerly the Director of the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard.Sewall graduated from Harvard College and Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar. During the Clinton Administration, Sewall served in the Department of Defense as the first Deputy Assistant Secretary for Peacekeeping and Humanitarian Assistance. From 1987-1993, she served as Senior Foreign Policy Advisor to Senate Majority Leader George J. Mitchell, delegate to the Senate Arms Control Observer Group, and on the Senate Democratic Policy Committee. Sewall has also worked at a variety of defense research organizations and as Associate Director of the Committee on International Security Studies at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. She is the lead author of MARO Mass Atrocity Response Operations: A Military Planning Handbook, and co-author of Parameters of Partnership: Civil-Military relations in the 21st Century.  She was also lead editor of The United States and the International Criminal Court: National Security and International Law (2000) and has written widely on U.S. foreign policy, national security, and military intervention. During the 2008 presidential campaign, Sewall served as one of US Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama's foreign policy advisers, and subsequently worked for the Obama transition, overseeing program review in the national security area, including the Department of State, Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, foreign assistance, and Intelligence Community agencies.Sewall is the founder and Faculty Director of the Mass Atrocity Response Operations (MARO) Project, a collaborative effort between the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy, and the U.S. Army Peacekeeping and Stability Operations Institute. The MARO Project seeks to enable the United States and the international community to stop genocide and mass atrocity as part of a broader integrated strategy by explaining key relevant military concepts and planning considerations. Sewall is also a member of the Center for Naval Analyses Board of Trustees, founder of the White House Project's National Security Boot Camp, and a board member for  Oxfam America. Sewall's current research focuses on ethics in counterinsurgency, civil-military relations and collateral damage during military operations.  She is writing a book about civilian harm in war. Sewall is married to Massachusetts State Representative Tom Conroy and has 4 children.Sarah Sewall was appointed Special Coordinator for Tibetan issues, as announced 21 February 2014 by John Kerry"@en .corpus181.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culinary_Workers_Union> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Culinary Workers Union or UNITE HERE local 226 is a private sector local union in Nevada, USA, affiliated with UNITE HERE, a national labor union. With 60,000 members, the Culinary Workers Union represents more members than any other union in Nevada, is the largest union local in a right-to-work state and is the largest affiliate of UNITE HERE. Members include a variety of occupations organized along craft lines working in restaurants, hotels and laundries, in the casinos in the Las Vegas metropolitan area and Reno, as well as McCarran International Airport and Valley Hospital Medical Center.  While most Culinary members work in casinos, the union does not represent dealers and other employees directly providing gaming services.Local 165 of UNITE HERE represents bartenders in Las Vegas although the two locals negotiate contracts in tandem.In January 2008 the union endorsed presidential candidate Barack Obama."@en .corpus182.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Oklahoma Democratic primary, 2008, part of the process of selecting that party's nominee for President of the United States, took place on February 5, one of the many nominating contests of 2008's \"Super Tuesday\".  The primary election chose 38 pledged delegates to represent Oklahoma at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.  The remainder of Oklahoma's 47 delegates consisted of unpledged superdelegates not bound by the results of the primary.  The election was a closed primary, meaning that only registered Democrats could vote in this election.  Hillary Clinton won the primary by a significant margin.Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and Jim Rogers appeared on the ballot, together with four candidates who had already withdrawn from the contest: Chris Dodd, Bill Richardson,  Dennis Kucinich, and John Edwards.  All but Rogers had run nationwide campaigns for the presidential nomination; Rogers is a perennial candidate in Oklahoma who had run for Lieutenant Governor in 2006."@en .corpus182.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_MacBride> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Neil H. MacBride (born 1965) was the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia. The U.S. Senate unanimously confirmed MacBride's nomination on Sept. 15, 2009, and he took office three days later. He left office on September 13, 2013. Prior to his appointment by President Barack Obama, MacBride served as Associate Deputy Attorney General at the Department of Justice.MacBride formerly served as Vice President, Anti-Piracy and General Counsel, of the Business Software Alliance, where he oversaw global anti-piracy enforcement and copyright policy. Prior to that, he served as Staff Director and Chief Counsel to Senator Joseph R. Biden, Jr. (D-Del.) on the Senate Judiciary Committee from 2001-2005. From 1996-2001, MacBride was an Assistant United States Attorney in the Criminal Division of the United States Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia. Before his stint in public service, MacBride practiced law with the Washington, D.C. law firm of Verner, Liipfert Bernhard, McPherson and Hand, Chartered. He also served as a judicial law clerk to U.S. District Court Judge Henry Coke Morgan, Jr. in the Eastern District of Virginia.He is a magna cum laude graduate of Houghton College (N.Y.), where he received in B.A. in History and the Humanities, and received his J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law. He is a Barrister with the Edward Bennett Williams Inn of Court and serves on the Board of Advisors of the Center on Law & Security at New York University.He was the lead prosecutor in the Megaupload controversy. He is also responsible for filing motions in the Grand Jury investigation of WikiLeaks."@en .corpus182.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Nevada Democratic Presidential Caucuses took place on January 19, 2008 after having been moved from a later date by the Nevada Democratic Party. The Nevada Democratic Caucus was considered important in determining the eventual party nominee, as many described it as the \"Bellwether of the West\" seeing as how it is the first Western state to vote in the Democratic Presidential Primary season. Nevada's 25 \"pledged\" delegates to the Democratic National Convention were chosen on May 17, 2008, when the Nevada Democratic Party held its State Convention. Barack Obama ended up receiving 14 national delegates compared to Hillary Rodham Clinton who received 11 national delegates. However, Clinton did ultimately prevail in terms of the number of votes received during the Nevada Democratic Caucus. It was the only state that held a caucus that she won during the course of the Democratic Presidential Primary."@en .corpus183.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Elton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kim Steven Elton (born April 9, 1948) is a journalist, commercial fisherman, government official and Democratic politician in the U.S. state of Alaska.  Elton represented Juneau in the Alaska House of Representatives for two terms, from 1995 to 1999.  In 1998, he was elected to the Alaska Senate, serving until his resignation in early 2009 to accept appointment as Director of Alaska Affairs at the U.S. Department of the Interior by President Barack Obama.  Prior to holding elected office, Elton was Executive Director of the Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute and a salmon troller engaged in commercial fishing."@en .corpus183.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_tax_cuts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The phrase Bush tax cuts refers to changes to the United States tax code passed originally during the presidency of George W. Bush and extended during the presidency of Barack Obama, through:Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 (EGTRRA)Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 (JGTRRA)Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (partial extension)While each act has its own legislative history and effect on the tax code, the JGTRRA amplified and accelerated aspects of the EGTRRA.  Since 2003, the two acts have often been spoken of together, especially in terms of analyzing their effect on the U.S. economy and population and in discussing their political ramifications. Both laws were passed using controversial Congressional reconciliation procedures.The Bush tax cuts had sunset provisions that made them expire at the end of 2010, since otherwise they would fall under the Byrd Rule. Whether to renew the lowered rates, and how, became the subject of extended political debate, which was resolved during the presidency of Barack Obama by a two-year extension that was part of a larger tax and economic package, the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010. In 2012, during the fiscal cliff, the tax cuts were made permanent for single people making less than $400,000 per year and couples making less than $450,000 per year, and eliminated for everyone else, under the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012.Before the tax cuts, the highest marginal income tax rate was 39.6 percent.  After the cuts, the highest rate was 35 percent. Once the cuts were eliminated for high income levels (single people making $400,000+ per year and couples making $450,000+ per year), the top income tax rate returned to 39.6 percent."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Salary_Council> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Federal Salary Council (FSC) is an advisory body of the executive branch of the United States Government.  The FSC was established under the provisions of the Section 5304(e)(1) of Title 5 of the United States Code, to provide recommendations on the locality pay program created by the Federal Employees Pay Comparability Act of 1990.  The locality pay program provides for localized pay differentials (also known as comparability payments) for Federal employees paid under the General Schedule (GS) who work in the 48 continental United States (CONUS).By law, the President of the United States appoints the members of the FSC, which include three experts in labor relations and pay policy and six representatives of Federal labor unions and other employee organizations representing large numbers of GS employees.  The FSC submits recommendations on the locality pay program to the President's Pay Agent. The FSC's recommendations cover the establishment or modification of pay localities, the coverage of salary surveys (conducted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) used to set locality pay, the process for making pay comparisons, and the level of comparability payments that should be made.  The FSC's recommendations are advisory only and are not binding on the President.  The President's Pay Agent makes the final determination as to the establishment or disestablishment of locality pay areas and also makes the final recommendation to the President regarding the amount of the annual Federal pay increase (if any).Under Executive Order 12764 of 5 June 1991, the United States Office of Personnel Management provides administrative support for the FSC.On November 9, 2010, President Barack Obama appointed or reappointed seven members to the Federal Salary Council. Stephen E. Condrey as chairman and Lou Cannon, Jeffrey David Cox, Rex L. Facer, Bill Fenaughty, Colleen Kelley, Jacqueline Simon. Condrey is senior associate and director of the Carl Vinson Institute of Government's human resource management assistance program and adjunct professor of public administration in the University of Georgia School of Public and International Affairs."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Rouse> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter Mikami \"Pete\" Rouse (born April 15, 1946) is an American political consultant who served as interim White House Chief of Staff to U.S. President Barack Obama. Rouse has spent years on Capitol Hill, becoming known as the '101st senator' during his tenure as Chief of Staff to Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle. When Daschle lost his seat in 2004, Rouse was persuaded to stay in Congress as Chief of Staff to then-freshman Senator Barack Obama. Rouse followed Obama to the White House as a senior advisor in 2008 and became interim Chief of Staff there for several months following the departure of Rahm Emanuel in October 2010, and subsequent appointment of William M. Daley the following January.  Rouse remained with the White House until late 2013 as Counselor to the President."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Minnesota Democratic Caucus took place on  Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008 with 78 delegates at stake. The winner in each of Minnesota's eight congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 47. Another 25 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 72 delegates represented Minnesota at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Sixteen other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_O'Brien_(actor)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bill O'Brien is a television series actor, and the Senior Advisor for Program Innovation for the National Endowment of the Arts.Bill O'Brien was appointed to serve as Deputy Chairman of Grants and Awards for the National Endowment for the Arts shortly after the election of President Barack Obama in 2008 where he supervised the design and implementation of grants and awards programs, designed and lead national leadership initiatives, developed partnerships to advance discipline fields and managed the panel review process across multiple arts disciplines.In 2009 he was appointed Senior Advisor for Program Innovation for the Endowment.  This appointment serves as the senior executive at the NEA responsible for exploring, examining and identifying innovative and emerging practices, programs and endeavors in the arts that are transformative and potentially worthy of federal government support or acknowledgement. In this capacity, he has served as the agency's lead on the Walter Reed/NEA Healing Arts Partnership (including Operation Homecoming) investigating the role of the arts in helping to heal military service members recovering from traumatic brain injuries and psychological health issues, the State Department's \"Declaration of Learning\" initiative and various activities of interest to the agency at the intersection of arts, science, technology and the humanities.Prior to these appointments, Bill was named the NEA's Director of Theater and Musical Theater in July 2006, where he designed and directed national leadership initiatives, promoted partnerships to advance the theater field, and managed the review process for theater and musical theater applications. In 2007, he designed and initiated the NEA National New Play Development program—administered by Arena Stage, which featured the NEA Outstanding New American Play and Distinguished New Play Development selections.Before joining the NEA, he served for seven years as producing director and managing director for Deaf West Theater (DWT) where he received a Tony and a Drama Desk nomination for producing the Broadway sign language production of Big River and received three Ovation Award nominations for his work on the production of Big River at Deaf West (as producer, sound designer and lead actor).  That production went on to win three Best Musical awards (Ovation, LADCC and Backstage Garland) and the cast of Big River was awarded the 2004 Tony Honor for Excellence in the Theater.  Other productions he produced for Deaf West include A Streetcar Named Desire (Ovation Award—Best Play) and Oliver! (Ovation Award—Best Musical).  He has appeared in Deaf West productions of True West (Austin) and Big River (Backstage West Garland Award for Lead Actor, Helen Hayes Nomination for Outstanding Lead Actor).His advocacy efforts on behalf of the Individuals with Disabilities in Education Act of the U.S. Department of Education helped garner Deaf West Theatre the Secretary of Health and Human Services Highest Recognition Award for “bridging the gap between the deaf and hearing worlds through theatre.”In addition, O'Brien has served as executive vice president on the executive board of the National Alliance for Music Theatre and as a task force member, conference speaker, and grant panelist with Theatre Communications Group, both national service organization for the theater and musical theater fields.O'Brien also performed onstage in 48 states in numerous national touring and regional productions, was an American College Theatre Festival Irene Ryan Acting Competition National Finalist and has recurred in all seven seasons as Kenny (Marlee Matlin's voice/interpreter) on NBC's Emmy and Peabody award-winning series The West Wing."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_California,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in California took place on November 4, 2008 in California as part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 55 electors, the most out of any of the 50 states, to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President. California was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 24.1% margin of victory. No Republican has carried the state in a presidential election since 1988."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gibbs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert Lane Gibbs (born March 29, 1971) is an American political advisor and commentator who served as the 28th White House Press Secretary during the first term of Barack Obama's presidency. Gibbs has worked with Obama since 2004 and previously served as the communications director for then-Senator Obama and his campaign during the 2008 presidential election. He later served as a senior campaign adviser for Obama's campaign during the 2012 presidential election.Prior to becoming a member of the Obama team he was press secretary for John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign and was a part of several Senate campaigns, having served as communications director for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and for four individual Senate campaigns, including those of Obama in 2004 and Fritz Hollings in 1998. Gibbs was also the press secretary of Representative Bob Etheridge. Gibbs was announced as the press secretary for President Obama on November 22, 2008, and officially assumed the role on January 20, 2009, giving his first official briefing on January 22.On January 5, 2011, Gibbs announced that he would leave the White House to become an outside adviser to the administration. He formally left the position on February 11, 2011. On February 12, 2013, it was announced that Gibbs had been hired as a contributor for cable-news channel MSNBC. His first appearance was on the same night prior to the 2013 State Of The Union Address.  In June 2013 it was announced that Gibbs became a founding partner of a new strategic communications practice called The Incite Agency, which he co-founded."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Debate_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Science Debate 2008 was a grassroots campaign to call for a public debate in which the candidates for the 2008 U.S. presidential election discuss issues relating to the environment, health and medicine, and science and technology policy. The effort was co-chaired by U.S. House representatives Vernon J. Ehlers and Rush D. Holt, Jr., and the steering committee includes Chris Mooney, Matthew Chapman, Arne Carlson, Lawrence Krauss, Sheril Kirshenbaum, John Rennie, and Shawn Lawrence Otto.  Both Barack Obama and John McCain participated in the initiative, which marked the first time in history the endorsed candidates for president laid out detailed science policies before the election.  It became the largest political initiative in the history of American science, and made over 800 million media impressions.[1]Among the scientific organizations supporting the program were the Carnegie Institution of Washington, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the National Academy of Sciences, the Union of Concerned Scientists, the Biophysical Society, and the Association for Women in Science. Other supporters included politicians, prominent research universities, Nobel laureates, business institutions, and science media editors.Science Debate 2008's partners in the debate were the National Academy of Science, the Institute of Medicine, the National Academy of Engineering, the Council on Competitiveness, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.Originally, the four top candidates for the 2008 election, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Mike Huckabee, and John McCain, were officially invited to discuss science and technology issues at Philadelphia's Franklin Institute on April 18, 2008. However, after none of the candidates agreed to participate in the debate, a second invitation was sent, proposing a debate at Portland State University on May 2, May 9, or May 16.  The moderator was to be David Brancaccio, and it was set to air on PBS. Unlike most other debates, the questions were to be provided in advance.   Although the candidates did not agree to the two televised debates proposed by Science Debate 2008, both Obama and McCain did participate in an online written version,sciencedebate.org providing detailed responses to the \"14 Top Science Questions Facing America,\" a list suggested by the organization's members, and the Obama answers formed an early basis for the Obama science policy.  Several of the earliest supporters of Science Debate are now in the Obama administration, including Energy Secretary Steven Chu,  NOAA Director Jane Lubchenco, and Presidential Science Advisor John Holdren.Science Debate 2008 has received media attention from hundreds of outlets in the United States and around the world, including MSNBC, Science Friday, Wired.com, Earth & Sky, as well as the editors of Scientific American and Science. An editorial in Nature cautioned that \"the proposed debate can be seen as an attempt by various élite institutions to grab the microphone and set the agenda from the top down\" and Nature columnist David Goldston stated that \"there is no reason to assume that a presidential debate on science matters would be instructive for the public or helpful to scientists.\""@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_New_York,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 31 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.New York was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 26.9% margin of victory. Obama took 62.88% of the vote to McCain's 36.03%. At the time this was the highest Democratic vote share in New York State since 1964, although Obama would outperform his 2008 showing in New York just four years later in 2012. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Located in the Northeast, a region of the country that is trending heavily towards the Democrats, elections in the Empire State are dominated by the presence of the heavily populated, heavily diverse, liberal bastion of New York City where Democrats are always favored to win. Despite the fact that Hillary Rodham Clinton, the former junior U.S. Senator from New York, did not receive the Democratic presidential nomination, there appeared to be no hard feelings in the state among her constituents as the state swung even more into the Democratic column in 2008 as New York's 31 electoral college votes went to Barack Obama."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Barack_Obama_presidential_campaign_endorsements,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of notable persons and groups who formally endorsed or voiced support for Senator Barack Obama's presidential campaign during the Democratic Party primaries and the general election."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Alabama Democratic Presidential Primary was held on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008, and had a total of 52 delegates at stake. The winner in each of Alabama's seven congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 34. Another 18 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 52 delegates represented Alabama at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Eight other delegates were chosen on March 1, 2008 during an Alabama Democratic Party Executive Committee meeting. Those eight delegates attended the National Convention as officially unpledged."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Georgia Democratic Presidential Primary took place on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008, and had a total of 87 delegates at stake. The winner in each of Georgia's 13 congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 57. Another 30 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 87 delegates represented Georgia at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Sixteen other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Democratic_presidential_primary_in_New_York,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 New York Democratic primary took place on February 5, 2008, also known as Super Tuesday. Polls indicated that New York Senator Hillary Clinton was leading rival Senator Barack Obama by double digits in the weeks before the contest, and she ended up winning with roughly 58% of the vote."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connecticut_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Connecticut Democratic Presidential Primary took place on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008, with 48 delegates at stake. The winner in each of Connecticut's five congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 31. Another 17 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 48 delegates represented Connecticut at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Twelve other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well. Connecticut held a closed primary, meaning only registered Democrats could vote."@en .corpus184.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Missouri Democratic Presidential Primary took place on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008, with 72 delegates at stake. The winner in each of Missouri's nine congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, which totaled 47. Another 25 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 72 delegates represented Missouri at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Sixteen other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Colorado Democratic Presidential Caucuses took place on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008. As he did in every other state that held a caucus rather than a primary, Barack Obama won the caucus by a wide, two-to-one margin over Hillary Rodham Clinton."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democrats_Abroad_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 Democrats Abroad primary took place from February 5, 2008 (Super Tuesday) until February 12. The first voting began at midnight in Indonesia, with one of the first unofficial results came from a polling station at the JW Marriott Hotel in Jakarta. Of roughly 100 votes, 75% were for Senator Barack Obama and 25% for Senator Hillary Clinton. The midnight vote was an attempt to replicate the voting at Dixville Notch, New Hampshire during the New Hampshire primary. This was the first Democrats Abroad primary in which voters could vote online, and by the end of the primary, online votes had been cast from 164 countries and territories.  Democrats Abroad announced the worldwide results on February 21, 2008, declaring Barack Obama the winner. Democrats Abroad held a global convention on April 12, 2008."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Kansas Democratic Presidential Caucuses took place on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008, with 21 delegates at stake. The remaining 11 delegates were selected at the Kansas Democratic Party District Conventions on April 12. The state, and a majority of its delegates, were won by Barack Obama."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Samoa_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American Samoa Democratic caucuses, 2008 took place on February 5, 2008, also known as Super Tuesday.  Caucusing began at 11:00 am local time. The early time ensured that results would be reported that evening in the mainland United States.  Hillary Clinton won the caucus, the smallest of Super Tuesday's nominating contests.  The caucus drew a record turnout for the territory. A record setting 285 caucus goers, who voted for their candidates at a hotel in the capital, Pago Pago, turned out for the caucus.  The caucus selected six pledged delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention; however, each delegate received only half a vote, so the caucus essentially determined the allocation of three delegate votes.  Since the pledged delegates were awarded proportionally, Clinton secured 2 delegates, with the third going to her opponent Barack Obama."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Dakota_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 North Dakota Democratic caucuses took place on February 5, 2008, one of the many Super Tuesday nominating contests held that day.  Barack Obama won the caucuses, securing 8 out of 13 national delegates."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Alaska Democratic Caucuses took place Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008. This was the first time that Democrats in Alaska participated in Super Tuesday, and the large turnout forced at least one caucusing site to delay closing its doors far beyond the 6 p.m. deadline. The state had a total of 13 delegates at stake. Barack Obama won the Alaska Democratic Caucuses and secured 9 delegates to the Democratic National Convention while Hillary Rodham Clinton took 4 delegates. However, the caucus was non-binding, and Alaska's Democratic State Convention in May awarded Obama 10 pledged delegates."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 Utah Democratic primary took place on February 5, 2008, with the votes of 23 pledged delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention at stake.  The primary was one of many held on Super Tuesday.  Barack Obama won the primary."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Idaho Democratic Presidential Caucuses were held on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008, with 18 national delegates at stake. For the first time, caucuses were held in all 44 counties, all of them open caucuses organized at the county level rather than the precinct level.The Idaho Democratic Caucus was overwhelmingly won by Barack Obama, who won 15 of Idaho's 18 delegates, 44 of the 45 county-level caucuses, and the support of 79.54 percent of caucus attendees statewide, his largest margin of victory in any state during the 2008 Democratic Presidential Primary season. A handful of caucus attendees pledged to support John Edwards on the first ballot even though he had dropped out of the race the previous week; this residual support was sufficient to give him a third place finish.Each of Idaho's 44 counties held its own caucus except for Ada County, which held two: one for the part of the county in the First Congressional District, and the other for the part of the county in the Second Congressional District. Collectively, both Ada County caucuses (which convened at Qwest Arena in Downtown Boise) were notable for the unprecedented mass public participation which made them the largest caucus gathering of Super Tuesday 2008: 3,075 votes were cast by the constituents of the 1st Congressional District and 5,215 votes were cast by those of the 2nd Congressional District for a grand total of 8,290 votes cast at a single venue. Thousands of freshly printed ballots were rushed to those caucusing outside the arena in frigid weather. Much higher than anticipated attendance was also reported at other caucus locations throughout the state. Statewide some 28,000 people caucused, an order of magnitude increase over the approximately 5,000 who had caucused throughout Idaho in 2004."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Louisiana Democratic Presidential Primary took place on February 9, 2008, and had 56 delegates at stake. The winner in each of Louisiana's seven congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 37. Another 29 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 56 delegates represented Louisiana at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Ten other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Nebraska Democratic Presidential Caucuses took place on February 9, 2008, where 24 of the state's 31 convention delegates were chosen. Like he did throughout many other states that held caucuses instead of primaries, Barack Obama won the Nebraska Democratic Caucus by more than a two-to-one margin of victory over Hillary Rodham Clinton. On May 13, 2008, the state also held a non-binding primary election which Obama also won but the margin of victory was considerably smaller."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_of_Columbia_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The District of Columbia Democratic Presidential Primary took place on February 12, 2008, nicknamed the \"Potomac Primary\" because Maryland and Virginia, which border the Potomac River, also held Democratic primaries that day. Fifteen delegates were up for grabs in the District of Columbia Democratic Primary, including 10 delegates from the District of Columbia's municipal subdivisions (five delegates for Wards 1-4, and five delegates for Wards 5-8). An additional five delegates were awarded to the at-large winner, Barack Obama. These 15 delegates represented the District of Columbia at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. A total of 24 unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well. Barack Obama received the endorsements of Mayor Adrian Fenty and former Mayor Marion Barry (both African Americans), while he and Hillary Clinton were both endorsed by various members on the District of Columbia City Council. Barack Obama won the District of Columbia, as he did the other Potomac contests that day. He earned 12 pledged delegates to Clinton's 3."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 Virginia Democratic primary took place on February 12, 2008, an election day nicknamed the \"Potomac Primary\" because the District of Columbia and Maryland also held Democratic primaries. The Virginia Democratic primary was an open primary, and was competitive for the first time since 1988.  Barack Obama won the primary, as he did the other Potomac contests that day."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Maryland Democratic Presidential Primary took place on February 12, 2008. Nicknamed the \"Potomac Primary\" or the \"Chesapeake Primary\" because the District of Columbia and Virginia also held their primaries that day (and all three border the Potomac River), a total of 70 delegates were up for grabs in Maryland. The winner in each of Maryland's eight congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 46. Another 24 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 70 delegates represented Maryland at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Twenty-nine other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well.By order of a judge, the polling places in the Maryland Democratic Primary were extended to 9:30 p.m. EST in order to compensate for voters who were delayed in traffic by inclement weather. The same day, an intense ice storm brought .25 inches-1 inch of ice accumulations across Maryland."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Virgin_Islands_Democratic_territorial_convention,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States Virgin Islands Democratic territorial convention took place on February 9, 2008.  The convention chose 6 delegates, all pledged to Senator Barack Obama.  Each delegate, however, only counted for half a vote at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.  The Virgin Islands' delegation also included 6 unpledged \"superdelegates\" not bound by the results of the convention."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_Democratic_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Maine Democratic Presidential Caucuses took place on February 10, 2008, and had 24 delegates at stake. The winner in each of Maine's two congressional districts received all of that district's total delegates, which totaled 16. Another eight delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama, at the Maine Democratic Party Statewide Convention on May 31, 2008. These 24 delegates represented Maine at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Another 10 unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well. Although Maine technically sent 24 pledged delegates to the Democratic National Convention, John Knutson, the superdelegate Chairman of the Maine Democratic Party, had pledged to support whoever won the majority of the vote, making the total number of pledged delegates effectively 25."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 Wisconsin Democratic primary took place on February 19, 2008. 74 pledged delegates were at stake. The Hawaii Democratic caucuses, 2008 took place the same day.The Wisconsin primary came after Senator Barack Obama had won the majority of delegates and votes in 8 straight primaries and caucuses; his wins in Wisconsin, and Hawaii extended his winning streak to 10 and reinforced his front runner status.In the days leading up to the primary the Hillary Clinton campaign ran television ads criticizing Obama on healthcare and for not agreeing to more candidate debates. This caused the Obama campaign to launch a response ad that mentioned the 18 debates already held and 2 more scheduled. The Clinton campaign also charged Obama using lines in a speech similar to words spoken by Massachusetts Governor and Obama friend Deval Patrick; Patrick responded by saying he and Obama often swap ideas, and that he had willingly shared lines without asking for credit to be given.  Barack Obama was the winner."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 Vermont Democratic primary was an open primary that took place on March 4, 2008.  Barack Obama won the primary, his only decisive win among the four March 4 contests.  The primary determined the 15 pledged delegates that represented Vermont at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.  The delegates were awarded to the candidates, Obama and Hillary Clinton, on a proportional basis.  Vermont also sent 8 unpledged \"superdelegates\", to the convention not bound by the results of the primary."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Mississippi Democratic Presidential Primary took place on March 11, 2008, with 33 delegates at stake. The winner in each of Mississippi's four congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 22. Another 11 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 33 delegates represented Mississippi at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Seven other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 West Virginia Democratic primary took place on May 13, 2008 with polls closing at 7:30 p.m. EST. It was open to Democrats and Independents. The primary determined 28 delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention, who were awarded on a proportional basis.  West Virginia's Democratic delegation also included 11 unpledged \"superdelegates\".  The primary came late in the nomination race.  Hillary Clinton won by a very wide margin, but her opponent Barack Obama maintained a substantial lead in the overall number of pledged delegate votes."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guam_Democratic_territorial_convention,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 Guam Democratic territorial convention took place on May 3, 2008. Senator Barack Obama won by 7 votes, a margin of less than 0.2%. This resulted in each candidate getting 2 pledged delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention. Guam Democrats also sent five unpledged superdelegates to the convention."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 Democratic presidential primary in North Carolina took place on May 6, 2008, one of the last primary elections in the long race for nomination between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Obama won the primary.North Carolina sent 134 delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention. 115 delegates were tied to the results of the primary, with the remainder being unelected superdelegates not pledged to any candidate. Registered Democrats and unaffiliated voters (but not registered Republicans) were allowed to participate. The polls were open from 6:30 AM to 7:30 PM, Eastern daylight time (UTC-4).  North Carolina had 5,811,778 registered voters in 2,817 precincts, with turnout at 36.42%."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Democratic_primary_and_caucuses,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 Texas Democratic primary and caucuses were a series of events to determine the delegates that the Texas Democratic Party sent to the 2008 Democratic National Convention. Delegates were selected using results from two sources: the Texas Presidential Primary held on March 4 by the Secretary of State of Texas's office, and a series of caucus events held between March 4 and June 7 by the Texas Democratic Party. The indecisive results of Super Tuesday, and the fact that Texas had the largest number of delegates among the states remaining on the Democratic primary calendar, resulted in the Texas primary receiving significant attention from both the Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama campaigns.Of 12,752,417 registered voters, 22.49% turned out.  The contest between the two candidates was very close: Senator Hillary Clinton won the primary, while her opponent, Senator Barack Obama, received more support in the caucuses.  In the end, Obama secured 99 pledged delegates to Clinton's 94."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dakota_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 South Dakota Democratic primary took place on June 3, 2008. Along with Montana, it was one of the final two elections in the 2008 primary season.  Senator Hillary Clinton won the primary, but on the same day, her opponent Barack Obama secured enough delegate votes for the 2008 Democratic National Convention to ensure his eventual nomination for President by the Democratic Party.South Dakota has 66 counties with 762 election precincts."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_Democratic_primary,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Montana Democratic Presidential Primary took place on June 3, 2008, with 16 delegates at stake. Along with South Dakota, it was one of the last two elections in the 2008 Democratic Party Presidential Primary. The winner in Montana's at-large congressional district was awarded all of that district's delegates, which totaled 10 (the district was split into Western and Eastern halves). Another six delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 16 delegates represented Montana at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Eight other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention.At the same time as he lost the South Dakota Democratic Primary, Barack Obama won the Montana Democratic Primary and simultaneously secured enough delegates to clinch the Democratic Party's nomination for President over Hillary Rodham Clinton."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadheads_for_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Deadheads for Obama is the name given to the February 4, 2008 reunion concert of three former members of the Grateful Dead at The Warfield in San Francisco.  The show, performed one day before the Super Tuesday primary elections, was an act of support for Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama, and featured former Dead members Phil Lesh, Bob Weir, and Mickey Hart, as well as John Molo, Jackie Greene, Steve Molitz, Mark Karan and Barry Sless.The show marked the first time Lesh, Weir and Hart had shared the stage since 2004, and was simulcast on the iClips Network.Deadheads for Obama is also a 350 member grassroots organization founded in February 2007 through Barack Obama's website; one year before the concert of the same namesake. This group collectively raised more than $150,000 for the Obama campaign."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzan_Johnson_Cook> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dr. Suzan Denise Johnson Cook (born 1957) is a presidential advisor, pastor, theologian, author, activist, and academic who served as the United States Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom from April, 2011 to October 2013. Cook has had a wide-ranging career in a number of fields, serving as a policy advisor to President Bill Clinton and later to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Henry Cisneros, a dean and professor of communications at Harvard University, a professor of theology at New York Theological Seminary, a pastor at a number of churches, a television producer, a sought-after speaker and the author of nearly a dozen books, before being named Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom by President Barack Obama. She was also the first female senior pastor in the 200-year history of the American Baptist Churches USA and a close friend of Coretta Scott King."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Garrett> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Major Elliott Garrett (born August 24, 1962 in San Diego, California) is Chief White House Correspondent with CBS News and Correspondent at Large with the National Journal.  Major is his proper name, not indicating a military rank.  Prior to joining the National Journal he was the senior White House correspondent for the Fox News Channel. He covered the 2004 presidential election, the War on Terror, and the 2008 presidential election where he covered the Democratic primaries and later Barack Obama as the Democratic nominee."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_elections,_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2010 United States elections were held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010. During this midterm election year, all 435 seats in the United States House of Representatives and 37 of the 100 seats in the United States Senate were contested in this election along with 38 state and territorial governorships, 46 state legislatures (except Louisiana, Mississippi, New Jersey and Virginia), four territorial legislatures and numerous state and local races. The election occurred in the middle of Democratic President Barack Obama's first term in office.Approximately 82.5 million people voted. The Democratic Party suffered massive defeats in many national and state level elections, with many seats switching to Republican Party control.  Although the President's party usually loses congressional, statewide and local seats in a midterm elections, the 2010 midterm election season featured some of the biggest losses since the Great Depression.  The Republican Party gained 63 seats in the U.S. House of Representatives, recapturing the majority, and making it the largest seat change since 1948 and the largest for any midterm election since the 1938 midterm elections. The Republicans gained six seats in the U.S. Senate, expanding its minority, and also gained 680 seats in state legislative races, to break the previous majority record of 628 set by Democrats in the post-Watergate elections of 1974. This left Republicans in control of 26 state legislatures, compared to the 15 still controlled by Democrats. After the election, Republicans took control of 29 of the 50 State Governorships.  The 2010 midterm election is also the third consecutive midterm election held in a president's first term where Republicans picked up seats across both houses of congress.  It was also the second consecutive midterm election where party control in the House of Representatives changed hands.  Political analysts in October 2010 predicted sweeping Republican gains this election, but despite a reported \"enthusiasm gap\" between likely Republican and Democratic voters, turnout increased relative to the last U.S. midterm elections without any significant shift in voters' political identification. The swaying views of self-declared independent voters, however, were largely responsible for the shift from Democratic to Republican gains."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Democratic_Party_superdelegates,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of Democratic party unpledged delegates, also known as superdelegates or automatic delegates, who voted in the 2008 Democratic National Convention, the culmination of the Party's presidential nominating process that began with the 2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries and caucuses.At the time of Hillary Clinton's campaign suspension on June 7, 2008, the count was 246½ for her and 478 for Barack Obama, with 99 still 'Uncommitted' of the 823½ total then existing, although this number represents the realignment of around 50 superdelegates who switched their support from Clinton to Obama when he had gained the majority of delegates. Clinton released her delegates during the convention.The breakdown by position for Clinton was 144 DNC, 52½ Representatives, 14 Senators, 17 Add-ons, 10½ Governors, and 7½ DPLs;the breakdown by position for Obama was 229 DNC, 157 Representatives, 34 Senators, 29 Add-ons, 20 Governors, and 9 DPLs;and the breakdown for \"Uncommitted\" was: 39 DNC, 22 Representatives, 1.5 Senators, 32.5 Add-ons, 1 Governor, and 3 DPLs."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Benson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Guy Benson (born March 7, 1985) is a contributor for Fox News, Political Editor of Townhall.com and a conservative talk radio personality.  He hosts his own Sunday night program, The Guy Benson Show, on AM 560 WIND in Chicago and AM 1260 WWRC in Washington, D.C..  Benson also contributes to Townhall's sister site, Hot Air.  He previously wrote at Andrew Breitbart's \"Big\" sites and National Review Online's Media Blog.  In addition to serving as a regular guest and substitute host on The Hugh Hewitt Show, Benson is a frequent guest on cable news networks, including Fox News and CNBC. Benson graduated with honors from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University in 2007. While at Northwestern, he worked for the campus radio station, WNUR, broadcasting sporting events and hosting a political talk show. Benson also reported for an NPR station in South Florida, broadcast summer baseball games in the Cape Cod Baseball League, and interned at the White House. Benson lived much of his early life overseas, then attended middle and high school in Ridgewood, New Jersey. During high school, was known for broadcasting sports on local television. He also interned for two summers at Fox News, working primarily with Hannity & Colmes, before assisting the channel with its coverage of the 2004 Republican National Convention.In April 2008, Benson discovered video from a 2007 reunion of the Weathermen, a radical left wing group from the 1960s and 70s. The footage included quotes from two members, Bill Ayers and Bernardine Dohrn, defending their actions. Since Barack Obama was criticized during the 2008 presidential campaign for associating with Ayers and Dohrn, the clips made national news, from the Boston Globe to Fox News. Benson garnered national attention during the 2008 Presidential race on two other occasions. In August, after the Obama campaign attacked WGN Radio in Chicago for allowing Stanley Kurtz to appear on their station, Benson - who was in studio during the interview - detailed his experience. Then, two weeks before Election Day, Benson joined with Mary Katharine Ham and Ed Morrissey to pen \"The Comprehensive Argument Against Barack Obama\", released on Hot Air."@en .corpus185.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_United_Church_of_Christ> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Trinity United Church of Christ is a predominantly African-American church with more than 8,500 members, located in the Washington Heights community on the South Side of Chicago. It is the largest church affiliated with the United Church of Christ, a predominantly white Christian denomination with roots in Congregationalism, which historically branched from early American Puritanism.The church's early history coincided with the American civil rights movement, subsequent murder of Martin Luther King, Jr., and the tumultuous period that entered the U.S. civil rights movement after King's death due to intense competition among actors over who would carry King's mantle.  During that tumultuous period, an influx of radical black Muslim groups had begun to headquarters in Chicago, and Trinity sought to recontextualize Christianity through black liberation theology in order to counter the influence of radical black Muslim leaders, who taught that it was impossible to be both black and Christian.In early 2008, as part of their presidential election coverage, news media outlets and political commentators brought Trinity to national attention when controversial excerpts of sermons by the church's longtime former pastor Jeremiah Wright were broadcast to highlight Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama's relationship with Wright and the church. Obama responded with a speech, A More Perfect Union, which addressed the criticisms.Trinity is best known today for its national and international social programs on behalf of the disadvantaged, although in its earliest days such outreach did not even figure into its mission."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republican_and_conservative_support_for_Barack_Obama_in_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "United States President Barack Obama, a member of the Democratic Party, was endorsed or supported by some members of the Republican Party and by some political figures holding conservative views in the 2008 election. Republican and conservative Obama supporters were often referred to as \"Obama Republicans\", \"Obamacans\" or \"Obamacons\".Republican and conservative supporters of Obama included elected officials, former elected officials, academics, commentators, and retired military officers. According to exit polls on Election Day, 9% of those who identified themselves as Republicans voted for Barack Obama, up slightly from the 6% of self-identified Republicans who voted for John Kerry in 2004."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honest_Tea> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Honest Tea (U.S.) is a bottled organic tea company based in Bethesda, Maryland.  It was founded in 1998 by Seth Goldman and Barry Nalebuff. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company.Honest Tea products began selling at a local Fresh Fields, which was later acquired by Whole Foods Markets. Originally its products were notable for being almost entirely tea with a tiny amount of sugar. Since 2007, it has expanded its sweetened beverage line while distribution of its barely sweetened teas shrank. Honest Tea received its United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) organic certification in 2004, and was acknowledged as one of the 500 fastest growing private companies.The Coca-Cola Company purchased a 40% stake of the U.S. company at $43 million in 2008. It bought the rest of the company in 2011.In 2009, Honest Tea US received an unpaid endorsement when The New York Times revealed that the White House is now stocking Honest Tea, as it is President Barack Obama's preferred beverage- specifically, the \"Black Forest Berry\" and \"Green Dragon\" flavors.A separate small company controls the \"Honest Tea\" trademark in Australia; the American Honest Tea and Australian Honest Tea have gone to court several times over the rights to the name."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republican_Party_vice_presidential_candidate_selection,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article lists those who were potential candidates for the Republican nomination for Vice President of the United States in the 2008 election. On March 4, 2008, Senator John McCain of Arizona won a majority of pledged delegates for the Republican nomination for President of the United States, and became the presumptive nominee. McCain held an event with Alaska governor Sarah Palin, revealing her as his vice-presidential running mate on August 29, 2008 (the date coinciding both with McCain's 72nd birthday and the Palins' 20th wedding anniversary), at the Ervin J. Nutter Center in Dayton, Ohio, the day after Barack Obama's acceptance speech."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Indiana,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Indiana took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Indiana was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 1.03% margin of victory. Prior to the election, news organizations were split as some considered it as leaning McCain, or a red state, and the others simply considered the election as a toss-up, or swing state. None of the major news/ political organizations listed here actually made the correct prediction, an Obama win. On election day, Obama narrowly carried Indiana, which marked the first time a Democratic presidential nominee won Indiana since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Waak> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Patricia A. \"Pat\" Waak (born February 1, 1943) was the chair of the Colorado Democratic Party. A population and environmental policy analyst and consultant, Waak was elected to chair the Colorado Democratic Party in 2005. She led the party as it saw statewide gains in 2006 and won the right to host the Democratic National Convention. A superdelegate to the national convention, Waak publicly endorsed Sen. Barack Obama in late May 2008."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Slater> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dan Slater (born c. 1972) was the first vice chair of the Colorado Democratic Party. An attorney in Cañon City, Colorado, Slater ran unsuccessfully for the Colorado State Senate in 2002 before joining the top leadership of the Colorado Democratic Party in 2003. A delegate to both the 2000 and 2004 Democratic National Conventions, Slater was a superdelegate to the 2008 convention, and publicly endorsed Barack Obama."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Marquez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Debbie K. Marquez is a member of the Democratic National Committee from Colorado. A restaurant owner in Edwards, Colorado and past co-chair of the Eagle County Democratic Party, Marquez was elected to the DNC in 2004. As a superdelegate to the 2008 Democratic National Convention, Marquez has publicly supported Barack Obama."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Hornaday> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeffrey Hornaday is an American choreographer and film director. He has choreographed films such as Flashdance, Dick Tracy, Captain Eo and A Chorus Line .Hornaday was nominated for a Director's Guild of America Award for his direction of the 2011 Disney Channel original movie Geek Charming. He received a second Director's Guild of America Award nomination for his direction of Disney's 2013 movie Teen Beach Movie which is the highest viewed non-sequel movie in cable television history. In 2003 he was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography for adapting his dance routines from Flashdance for Jennifer Lopez in her music video I'm Glad. Hornaday has also directed multiple world tours for entertainers such as Madonna and Paul McCartney. Hornaday created specialized marketing campaigns for companies such as Sony and Nike, and has served as creative director for events featuring President Bill Clinton and President Barack Obama."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Kury> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Adam Kury (born July 7, 1969) is a bassist and vocalist based in Los Angeles, California. He has performed with notable acts such as Candlebox, Legs Diamond, Jagger Cook and several others. He also performed music for the movie Gone Fishin'. During his long and prosperous career Kury has performed for such big names as Queen Victoria, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Adam currently works in numerous projects/bands including Candlebox, The Kings Royal, 7th Sun, and Whipped Cream."@en .corpus186.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Leadership_Project> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American Leadership Project (ALP) is an unincorporated association organized under section 527 of the IRS code formed in February 2008 in order to highlight issues of importance to the American middle class, such the economy, jobs, the rising cost of health care, and the mortgage crisis. The ALP intended to communicate issue-specific messages during the 2008 Democratic presidential primary elections and presently for the general election. The ALP does not coordinate with any candidate or any candidate’s committee. The ALP's messages were used preceding primary elections in the states of Texas, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Indiana. The ads had been pro-Hillary Clinton and anti-Barack Obama. Since the conclusion of the Primary season, with Barack Obama as the Democratic nominee and John McCain as the Republican candidate, the organization has run several ads against McCain.As of March 5, the group had raised US$1.2 million, including a one million dollar contribution from AFSCME, a labor union backing Clinton.Their first television advertisement stated, \"If speeches could create jobs, we wouldn't be facing a recession,\" mirroring Clinton, who has argued that Obama's eloquence would not lead to real policy change."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Craig> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gregory Bestor \"Greg\" Craig (born March 4, 1945) is a Washington-based lawyer and former White House Counsel under President Barack Obama. He has represented numerous high-profile clients, including John W. Hinckley, Jr., who was acquitted of the attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan by reason of insanity, and, in 2010, Goldman Sachs. As assistant to the President and special counsel in the White House of President Bill Clinton, Craig directed the team defending Clinton against impeachment. He was a foreign policy advisor to Senator Edward Kennedy and to Secretary of State Madeleine Albright."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Massachusetts,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Massachusetts took place on November 4, 2008 in Massachusetts as in all 50 states and D.C., as part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 12 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Massachusetts was won by Democrat nominee Barack Obama by a 25.8% margin of victory slightly larger than when John Kerry won his home state with a 25.2% margin. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. No Republican presidential nominee has won a single county in the state nor obtained over 40% of the vote since 1988. In 2008, Democrat Barack Obama captured the state's 12 electoral votes winning 61.80% of the popular vote to Republican John McCain's 35.99%."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Education> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Education is the third-highest-ranking official in the United States Department of Education. The Under Secretary oversees policies, programs, and activities related to postsecondary education, vocational and adult education, and federal student aid.The Office of the Under Secretary (OUS) is responsible for helping to implement the Secretary’s Action Plan for Higher Education, which calls for expanding the accessibility, affordability, and accountability of higher education for more Americans.The Under Secretary of Education is appointed by the President of the United States, with the approval of the United States Senate, to serve at the President's pleasure. The current Under Secretary is Ted Mitchell, who was appointed by President Barack Obama and sworn in May 2014."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bangladesh and the United States enjoy excellent diplomatic, economic and military relations. The relationship between the two countries is formed by strong bonds of friendship and shared values. Bangladesh is a key US strategic partner in South Asia. The US is a major development partner of Bangladesh. On the economic front, American companies are the largest foreign direct investors in Bangladesh, and the US is also the single largest market for Bangladeshi exports. The US Military and the Bangladesh Armed Forces maintain long-standing cooperation in defense, counter-terrorism, maritime security and disaster management. Bangladesh also hosts flagship American international development programs in global food security, health and climate change. Situated as the crossroads of Asia, Bangladesh is the one of the world's most populous countries, as well as a Next Eleven economy. It is a major player in international peacekeeping, promotes regional economic integration and connectivity, and is a pioneer of social development in the developing world. It is the world’s third most populous  Muslim country, and its voice of moderation in the Muslim world is highly appreciated and respected. In South Asia, it is a founding member of SAARC and BIMSTEC. The US considers Bangladesh as a country vital to maintaining regional and global stability.Over 53% of Bangladeshis expressed favorable views of the US in recent opinion polls. During her visit to Dhaka in 2012, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton remarked that America was “betting on Bangladesh” as the country achieves increasing economic and social progress. President Barack Obama has strongly praised Bangladesh’s progress towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.The US-Bangladesh relationship is strengthened by the Bangladeshi American community. Prominent Bangladeshi Americans include the acclaimed structural engineer F R Khan, YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim, educationist Sal Khan, entrepreneur Sumaya Kazi, congressman Hansen Clarke and ambassador M. Osman Siddique. The Bangladeshi Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus has been awarded the prestigious US Presidential Medal of Freedom and the US Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian honours of the United States. Over 20,000 Bangladeshi students also currently study in the US. On the cultural front, Sisimpur, the Bangladeshi version of Sesame Street, is the most watched children's program on Bangladeshi television."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambodia–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bilateral relations between the United States and the Kingdom of Cambodia, while strained throughout the Cold War, have strengthened considerably in modern times. The U.S. supports efforts in Cambodia to combat terrorism, build democratic institutions, promote human rights, foster economic development, eliminate corruption, achieve the fullest possible accounting for Americans missing from the Vietnam War-era, and to bring to justice those most responsible for serious violations of international humanitarian law committed under the Khmer Rouge regime.According to a 2011 Gallup poll, 68% of Cambodians approve of the job performance of the United States, under the Obama Administration, with 7% disapproving, the most favorable opinion for any surveyed Asia-Pacific nation. In a 2012 Gallup Poll, 62% of Cambodians approved of U.S. leadership, with 8% disapproving. President Barack Obama's visit to Phnom Penh in 2012 makes history as the first U.S. President to visit Cambodia."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_(song)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Solid\" is a hit single recorded by the husband-and-wife songwriting duo Ashford & Simpson. It was featured on the 1984 album Solid, and released as a single in November of that year.It was written by the two and follows a similar template of most of their hits for other artists, except with a slight 1980s inflection to the music. In the lyrics, the narrators of the song celebrate the fact that, through all the difficulties and problems their relationship has faced, they made their love stronger by learning how to forgive and trust each other, and their love for one another remains \"solid as a rock\".It remains as their biggest hit single as performers, topping the U.S. R&B chart, peaking at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100, and peaking at number three on the UK Singles Chart in 1985. It was the 16th best-selling single of 1985 in the UK.In 2009, Ashford & Simpson remade the song in honor of President Barack Obama, calling it \"Solid (As Barack)\"."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libya–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Libya–United States relations are today cordial and cooperative, with particularly strong security cooperation only after the 2012 attack on the US liaison office or mission in Benghazi. Furthermore, a Gallup poll conducted in March and April 2012 found that Libyans had \"among the highest approval\" of US leadership in the entire Middle East and North Africa region.However, for decades prior to the 2011 Libyan Civil War, the countries were enemies and engaged each other in several military skirmishes. The Libyan government of Muammar Gaddafi funded terror operations against the United States, most notably the 1986 Berlin discotheque bombing, to which the United States retaliated by bombing Libya, and the 1988 Lockerbie bombing.When the Libyan civil war broke out in 2011, the United States took part in a military intervention in the conflict, aiding anti-Gaddafi rebels with air strikes against the Libyan Army. With the success of the revolution and the overthrow of Gaddafi, US President Barack Obama said that the United States was \"committed to the Libyan people\" and promised partnership in the development of a new Libyan state.According to a 2012 poll conducted by Gallup, 54% of Libyans approve of U.S. leadership, compared to only 22% and 19% respective approval for China and Russia's, and 75% of Libyans say they approved of NATO's military intervention in the civil war."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Netherlands – United States relations are used to describe the relations of the United States and the Netherlands. The countries were described by former President George W. Bush as \"brother nations\" and by current President Barack Obama as \"closest friends which friendship will never die\". Obama has also said that, \"Without the Netherlands there wouldn't be a United States of America as everyone knows it now\".According to the 2012 U.S. Global Leadership Report, 60% of Dutch people approve of U.S. leadership, the fifth-highest rating for any surveyed country in Europe."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Philippines – United States relations (Filipino: Ugnayang Pilipinas at Estados Unidos) are bilateral relations between the United States of America and its former colony the Republic of the Philippines. Relations between the United States and the Philippines are strong, historically close and extremely friendly and has also been described as a Special Relationship. The United States is undeniably the Philippines' closest ally in the world, one of United States' oldest Asian partners and a close strategic major non-NATO ally. The United States has consistently been one of the Filipinos' favorite nations in the world, with 90% of Filipinos viewing the U.S. and 91% viewing Americans favorably in 2002, 90% of Filipinos viewing U.S. influence positively in 2011, 85% of Filipinos viewing the U.S. and Americans favorably in 2013 and 92% of Filipinos viewing the U.S. favorably and 89% having confidence in United States president, Barack Obama in 2014, making the Philippines the most pro-American country in the world. This article discusses Philippine-American relations after Philippine independence from the United States in 1946.  For the period prior to that see the history of the Philippines during American colonial rule (1898-1946)."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Vilsack_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "After being considered as a potential Vice Presidential candidate for Senator John Kerry in the 2004 presidential election, former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack began a campaign for the Democratic Party's 2008 nomination for President of the United States. On November 30, 2006, he became the second Democratic candidate to officially announce a presidential run. His short-lived campaign was focused on his home state of Iowa but suffered low standing in national polls and a lack of name recognition. During the campaign, he emphasized the War in Iraq and his plan for ending it.His run concluded on February 23, 2007, before any debates or primaries, due to funding shortfalls. He endorsed Senator Hillary Clinton after his exit, but shifted to Barack Obama after her withdrawal."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Ones> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "We Are The Ones is a song that was released on February 29, 2008 to support Barack Obama's presidential campaign. Like \"Yes We Can\", the music video also features famous celebrities, but is based on their opinions of Obama, with one line spoken by Obama near the end."@en .corpus187.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Martin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alice Martin was the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Alabama. She was nominated by George W. Bush and served from September 29, 2001 until June 2009. She previously ran unsuccessfully as a Republican candidate in two elections.Martin tendered her resignation from office in June 2009, five months after the inauguration of Democratic President Barack Obama.Martin grew up on her father's cotton, wheat and soybean farm in Sledge, Mississippi.  She has a Bachelor of Science in Nursing from Vanderbilt University and is a Registered Nurse. She worked as a nurse during law school and received her Juris Doctorate in 1981 from the University of Mississippi."@en .corpus188.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_vice_presidential_candidate_selection,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article lists individuals who were potential Democratic Party candidates for Vice President of the United States in the 2008 presidential election prior to the selection of Joe Biden by the party's nominee Barack Obama. After he became the party's presumptive nominee on June 3, 2008, Obama formed a small committee, made up of James A. Johnson, Eric Holder and Caroline Kennedy, to help him select a running mate. Johnson announced he would step down from the vice-presidential vetting position on June 11, 2008 in order to avoid being a distraction to Obama's campaign following a controversy over his business ties."@en .corpus188.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama,_Sr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Hussein Obama, Sr. (/ˈbærək huːˈseɪn oʊˈbɑːmə/; 18 June 1936 − 24 November 1982) was a Kenyan senior governmental economist and the father of U.S. President Barack Obama. He is a central figure of his son's memoir, Dreams from My Father (1995). Obama married in 1954 and had two children with his first wife, Kezia. He was selected for a special program to attend college in the United States, where he went to the University of Hawaii. There, Obama met Stanley Ann Dunham, whom he married in 1961 and divorced three years later, after having a son, Barack II, named after him. The elder Obama later went to Harvard University for graduate school, where he earned an M.A. in economics, and returned to Kenya in 1964.Later that year, Obama married Ruth Beatrice Baker, a Jewish American woman with whom he had developed a relationship in Massachusetts. They had two sons together before separating in 1971 and divorcing in 1973. Obama first worked for an oil company, before beginning work as an economist with the Kenyan Ministry of Transport. He gained a promotion to senior economic analyst in the Ministry of Finance. Among a cadre of young Kenyan men educated in the West in a program supported by Tom Mboya, Obama had conflicts with Kenyan President Jomo Kenyatta, which adversely affected his career. He was fired and blacklisted in Kenya, finding it nearly impossible to get a job. Obama experienced three serious car accidents during his final years, the last of which claimed his life in 1982."@en .corpus188.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannie_Rodriguez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mannie Rodriguez (born c. 1950) is a member of the Democratic National Committee from Colorado. The owner of a halfway house operation in Denver, Colorado, Rodriguez was elected to the DNC in 2004. As a superdelegate to the 2008 Democratic National Convention, Rodriguez publicly supported Hillary Clinton before Barack Obama became the presumptive Democratic nominee; she now plans to cast her convention vote for Obama."@en .corpus188.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerri_Peev> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gerri Peev (born Gergana Peeva) is a Bulgarian-born, New Zealand-raised British journalist. Peev is notable for authoring a 7 March 2008 interview in The Scotsman with Samantha Power, a foreign policy advisor to U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama. During an interview, Power said of Obama's Democratic primary opponent Hillary Clinton: \"She is a monster, too – that is off the record – she is stooping to anything.\"  Peev included the remark in her article in The Scotsman, despite Power's post facto declaration that it was off the record. Power resigned after the article was published. The incident opened a debate about journalistic ethics. Peev told MSNBC \"I don't know what the convention is in American journalism, but in Britain here we have very firm rules about the fact that generally, you establish whether a conversation or interview is on or off the record before it actually happens.  She made some off-the-cuff remarks which were on the record. She even waited for the tape to start recording and then I think once she noticed that they were quite controversial she tried to withdraw just that very remark about Hillary allegedly being a monster.\" The LA Times said Peev followed \"standard journalistic practice\"However some American journalists criticized Peev. Noam Scheiber from The New Republic said: \"I have never not let a source take something off the record if they asked immediately after making their comment.\"Peev later appeared on MSNBC's Tucker. The host, Tucker Carlson, asked Peev why she didn't agree to Power's request to strike the unguarded remark off the record. Peev replied: \"Are you really that acquiescent in the United States? In the United Kingdom journalists believe that on or off the record is a principle that's decided ahead of the interview.\" Peev then stated that, \"If she makes a comment and decides that it's too controversial and wants to withdraw it immediately after, unfortunately if the interview is on the record, it has to go ahead.\"In an unrelated problem, Nassim Taleb claims  that in an article written on August 20, 2009, Peev reversed his position on global warming by portraying him as an anti-ecologist.Peev won Scoop of the Year at the 2009 Scottish Press Awards. She joined the Daily Mail as a political correspondent in 2010."@en .corpus188.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Washington_(state),_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Washington took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Washington was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 17.1% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. No Republican presidential nominee has won the State of Washington in 20 years. Continuing on that trend, Washington stayed in the Democratic column as Obama carried the state with over 57% of the vote."@en .corpus188.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sí_Se_Puede_Cambiar> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Sí, Se Puede Cambiar\" (English translation: Yes, we can change) is a song and music video created in support of Sen. Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. However, the video has no official ties to the Obama campaign.  The song was written by Andres Useche. The video, which features Useche performing, was directed by Eric Byler, Warren Fu and Andres Useche, and was released on February 22, 2008 on YouTube under the username \"United For Obama\".The video attracted national and international attention and through 2008 Andres Useche accepted invitations to do radio, newspaper and TV interviews in which he promoted Barack Obama's campaign.The phrase \"Sí se puede\" originated with the United Farm Workers, which adopted it as the union's official slogan in 1972. It subsequently gained wider currency among other American labor unions and social justice activists."@en .corpus189.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Missouri,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Missouri was held on November 4, 2008, and was part of the 2008 United States presidential election, which took place throughout all 50 states and D.C.. Voters chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Missouri was won by Republican nominee John McCain by just shy of 4,000 votes, a 0.1% margin of victory. Prior to the election, most news organizations considered this state a toss-up, or a swing state. On election day, Missouri was the closest state in 2008, with some news organizations not calling the state until two weeks after the election. A high turnout of voters in the GOP strongholds of Greene County (Springfield) and St. Charles County combined with Democrat Barack Obama's unsatisfactory performance in the more rural parts of the state gave the edge to Republican John McCain. McCain nipped Obama by fewer than 4,000 votes and the margin of victory was a minuscule difference of 0.13%. The state was so close that Obama could have legally called for a recount, but since he had already won the presidency, he saw no need to do so as the results would have been meaningless in the national totals. It was the first time since 1956 that Missouri did not vote for the winner of the presidency."@en .corpus189.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Lizza> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ryan Lizza (born 1974) is a CNN Contributor and the Washington Correspondent for The New Yorker magazine, where he covers the White House and the 2012 presidential campaign and writes the magazine's \"Letter From Washington\" column.    Since joining The New Yorker in 2007, he has written profiles of Hillary Clinton, Mitt Romney, John McCain, Barack Obama, Colorado Governor Bill Ritter, Joe Biden, Rahm Emanuel, Peter Orszag, Darrell Issa, Michele Bachmann, Paul Ryan,  Eric Cantor,  and Rand Paul."@en .corpus189.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_John_McCain_presidential_campaign_endorsements,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John McCain, the nominee of the Republican party in the 2008 United States presidential election, has gained the endorsements of many high-profile figures.Both McCain and his Democratic opponent, Barack Obama, have stated that a person or entity's endorsement of their candidacy does not necessarily imply an endorsement by the candidate of all of the views of the endorser."@en .corpus189.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeh_Johnson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeh Charles Johnson (born September 11, 1957) is an American civil, criminal trial lawyer, and the current United States Secretary of Homeland Security. He was the General Counsel of the Department of Defense from 2009 to 2012 during the first Obama Administration. Johnson is a graduate of Morehouse College (B.A.) and Columbia Law School (J.D.), and is grandson of sociologist and Fisk University president Dr. Charles S. Johnson. Johnson is currently serving as the Secretary of Homeland Security, and is the fourth person to hold the office. He was nominated by President Barack Obama in October 2013, and was subsequently confirmed on December 16, 2013, by the U.S. Senate with a vote of 78–16.Johnson's first name (pronounced \"Jay\") is taken from a Liberian chief, who reportedly saved his grandfather’s life while Dr. Johnson was on a League of Nations mission to Liberia in 1930."@en .corpus189.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Berwick> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Donald M. Berwick (born 1946) is a former Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). Prior to his work in the administration, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of the Institute for Healthcare Improvement a not-for-profit organization helping to lead the improvement of health care throughout the world. On July 7, 2010, Barack Obama appointed Berwick to serve as the Administrator of CMS through a recess appointment. On December 2, 2011, he resigned because of heavy Republican opposition to his appointment and his potential inability to win a confirmation vote.  On June 18, 2013, Berwick declared his candidacy for governor of Massachusetts, but lost the Democratic Party nomination to Attorney General Martha Coakley.Berwick has studied the management of health care systems, with emphasis on using scientific methods and evidence-based medicine and comparative effectiveness research to improve the tradeoff among quality, safety and costs. Among IHI's projects are online courses for health care professionals for reducing Clostridium difficile infections, lowering the number of heart failure readmissions or managing advanced disease and palliative care. In March 2012 he joined the Center for American Progress as a Senior Fellow."@en .corpus19.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ryan_(politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Clemens  \"Jack\" Ryan (born October 6, 1959) is a former investment banker and American politician who was a candidate in the 2004 U.S. Senate race in Illinois. In 2000, he retired as an active partner at Goldman Sachs to teach at Hales Franciscan High School, a private, 4-year Roman Catholic high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood of Chicago.His 2004 campaign for the Senate, against future-president Barack Obama, received widespread media attention for the disclosure of sealed custody documents stemming from his divorce from actress Jeri Ryan.  The unsealing of those documents ultimately led to Ryan's withdrawal from the campaign.In March 2005, Jack launched 22nd Century Media, a news media company dedicated to providing hyper-local news in both print and digital media formats."@en .corpus19.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Katzenberg> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeffrey Katzenberg (born December 21, 1950) is an American businessman, film studio executive and film producer. As a businessman, he is the CEO of DreamWorks Animation and is also known for his tenure as chairman of The Walt Disney Studios from 1984 to 1994, during which the studio reinvigorated its live-action and animation department, as well as producing some of its biggest hits, including The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin, and The Lion King. As a founder and CEO of DreamWorks Animation, he has overseen the production of such animated franchises as Shrek, Madagascar, Kung Fu Panda, Monsters vs. Aliens and How to Train Your Dragon. Katzenberg has also been involved in politics. With his active support to Barack Obama, he was called as \"one of Hollywood's premier political kingmakers and one of the Democratic Party's top national fundraisers.\""@en .corpus190.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Famadas> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nelson Famadas was a Puerto Rican businessman who was the New Progressive Party candidate for Resident Commissioner in 1984, as Governor Carlos Romero Barceló's running mate.  He previously served as Chief Economic Counsel to Romero Barceló.  Famadas, who was born on November 24, 1948, died on January 25, 2010, at the age of 61, after a long illness.Famadas was the top economic advisor to the Episcopal Church of the United States' Diocese of Puerto Rico, serving on the board of directors of two of its non-profit community based health-related entities which operate two hospitals and a home-based health care system.  At the time of his death he served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Sun American Bank in Boca Ratón, Florida, as Chairman and CEO of Gables Holding Corporation,  real estate development company and is an Adjunct Professor, lecturing in Operations Management, at the School of Business Administration at Florida International University (FIU).A Democrat, Famadas raised funds for President Barack Obama's presidential campaign. Dr. Famadas held a PhD in Business and Applied Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania."@en .corpus190.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_More_Perfect_Union_(speech)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"A More Perfect Union\" is the name of a speech delivered by Senator Barack Obama on March 18, 2008 in the course of the contest for the 2008 Democratic Party presidential nomination. Speaking before an audience at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Obama was responding to a spike in the attention paid to controversial remarks made by the Reverend Jeremiah Wright, his former pastor and, until shortly before the speech, a participant in his campaign. Obama framed his response in terms of the broader issue of race in the United States. The speech's title was taken from the Preamble to the United States Constitution.Obama addressed the subjects of racial tensions, white privilege, and race and inequality in the United States, discussing black \"anger\", white \"resentment\", and other issues as he sought to explain and contextualize Wright's controversial comments.  His speech closed with a plea to move beyond America's \"racial stalemate\" and address shared social problems.On March 27, 2008, the Pew Research Center called the speech \"arguably the biggest political event of the campaign so far\", noting that 85 percent of Americans said they had heard at least a little about the speech and that 54 percent said they heard a lot about it.  Eventually, The New Yorker opined that the speech helped elect Obama as the President of the United States."@en .corpus190.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Armour_Dunham> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stanley Armour Dunham (March 23, 1918 – February 8, 1992) was the maternal grandfather of U.S. President Barack Obama. He and his wife Madelyn Payne Dunham raised Obama from the age of 10 in Honolulu, Hawaii."@en .corpus190.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_life_and_career_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States, was born on August 4, 1961 in Honolulu, Hawaii to Barack Obama, Sr. (1936–1982) (born in Rachuonyo District, Kenya Colony, British Empire) and Stanley Ann Dunham, known as Ann (1942–1995) (born in Wichita, Kansas, United States).Obama spent most of his childhood years in Honolulu, where his mother completed college after his parents divorced. Obama started a close relationship with his maternal grandparents. In 1965, his mother remarried Lolo Soetoro from Indonesia. Two years later, Dunham took Obama with her to Indonesia to reunite him with his stepfather. In 1971, Obama returned to Hawaii to attend Punahou School, from which he graduated in 1979.As a young adult, Obama was educated at Occidental College, Columbia University, and Harvard Law School. In Chicago, Obama worked at various times as a community organizer, professor (Lecturer and Senior Lecturer) of constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School, and authored his memoir Dreams from My Father before beginning his political career in the late 1990s."@en .corpus190.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligence_Authorization_Act_for_Fiscal_Year_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (H.R. 2082) would have authorized funding levels for the 13 government intelligence agencies and increased oversight for the U.S. intelligence community. The bill would have also applied the standards in the U.S. Army Field Manual to the entire government, effectively barring the CIA and other agencies from using tactics like waterboarding in their interrogations.  The bill was sponsored by Rep. Silvestre Reyes (D, TX-16).The bill was vetoed by President Bush and did not receive enough votes for an override.Two days after Barack Obama became president he issued an executive order ordering the CIA to apply the standards of the U.S. Army Field Manual."@en .corpus191.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Gration> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jonathan Scott Gration is an American retired Major General of the United States Air Force, who worked as a policy advisor to President Barack Obama. On March 18, 2009, Gration was named, and served, as the United States Special Envoy to Sudan. He subsequently worked as United States Ambassador to Kenya from 2011-2012."@en .corpus191.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/404th_Air_Expeditionary_Group> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 404th Air Expeditionary Group (404 AEG) is a provisional United States Air Force unit assigned to the United States Air Forces in Europe. It is attached to Seventeenth Air Force [Air Forces Africa], stationed at Ramstein Air Base, Germany.The 404 AEG may be activated or inactivated at any time. Last activated on 1 October 2008, it currently provides intertheater airlift in support of US Africa Command (USAFRICOM) taskings since 1 October 2008. The 404 AEG added, in provisional status, the 459th Expeditionary Air Medical Squadron.During contingency operations, the group forward-deploys to facilitate air and support operations for varied missions, ranging from humanitarian airlift to presidential support. The 404th AEG deployed to Rwanda in January 2009 to provide airlift for peacekeeping equipment in support of the United Nations African Union Mission in Darfur. In July 2009, the 404th AEG deployed to Ghana to provide aerial port and aircraft maintenance teams, along with forward communications, early warning, and air domain safety and security elements for U.S. President Barack Obama's visit."@en .corpus191.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designated_Civilian_Official> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Designated Civilian Official (DCO) was the title of the civilian appointed to head the Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatants (OARDEC).The position was officially an appointment by the United States President, that required confirmation by the United States Senate.The DCO and OARDEC were officially created on June 23, 2004.Gordon R. England was the designated civilian official from June 2004, until newly elected President Barack Obama replaced OARDEC with a multi-agency Guantanamo Review Joint Task Force."@en .corpus192.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madelyn_Dunham> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Madelyn Lee Payne Dunham (/ˈdʌnəm/ DUN-əm; October 26, 1922 – November 2, 2008) was the American maternal grandmother of Barack Obama, the 44th and current President of the United States. She and her husband Stanley Armour Dunham raised Obama from age ten in their Honolulu, Hawaii apartment, where on November 2, 2008, she died two days before her grandson was elected President."@en .corpus192.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_12667> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 12667 established a procedure for former United States Presidents to limit access to certain records which would otherwise have been released by the National Archives and Records Administration under the Presidential Records Act of 1978. It was issued by President Ronald Reagan on 18 January 1989.The Executive Order was revoked by President George W. Bush's Executive Order 13233 on 1 November 2001, which further limited access to the records of former United States Presidents.  This order was in turn revoked by President Barack Obama's Executive Order 13489 on January 21, 2009 (his first day in office), which essentially restored the provisions of Executive Order 12667 with some modifications."@en .corpus192.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_McCaslin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Phantom Patriot was the name taken by Richard McCaslin of Carson City, Nevada, who, on January 19, 2002, attempted an attack on the Bohemian Grove. He was imprisoned in California. He is the subject of the song \"Phantom Patriot\" by Les Claypool on his album Of Whales and Woe.McCaslin, wearing a skull mask and a blue jumpsuit with \"Phantom Patriot\" written in red on his chest, infiltrated the site of Bohemian Grove, just north of San Francisco. He was heavily armed with \"a [pump-action/shotgun hybrid, a .45 caliber handgun, a crossbow, a 2-foot-long sword, a knife and a fireworks mortar tube.\" McCaslin slept in one of the cabins overnight. The following morning, he found the 30 ft. owl statue, then later encountered caretaker, Fred Yeager and maintenance man, Bob Hipkiss. McCaslin set a fire in the empty banquet hall, then was later removed peacefully by local law enforcement officers and was briefly held at the mental health ward of the Sonoma County Jail.  He later claimed to have seen the documentary,\"Dark Secrets Inside Bohemian Grove\" by talk show host Alex Jones.McCaslin was paroled on May 19, 2008.On June 28, 2011, McCaslin (using the name \"Thoughtcrime\") protested outside the Alcoa plant in Davenport, Iowa where President Barack Obama was speaking. He accused Obama (as well as the Bushs, the Clintons and others) of being a [reptoid/human hybrid,or \"blue blood.\"Most recently, McCaslin has adopted Las Vegas, Nevada as his base of operations. His story appears in the 2013 book, \"Heroes in the Night; Inside the Real Life Superhero Movement\" by Tea Krulos. He also has three Phantom Patriot videos on YouTube."@en .corpus192.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Favreau_(speechwriter)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jonathan E. \"Jon\" Favreau (born June 2, 1981) is a former Director of Speechwriting for President Barack Obama. Favreau attended the College of the Holy Cross, graduating as valedictorian. In college, he accumulated a variety of scholastic honors, and took part in and directed numerous community and civic programs. After graduation, he went to work for the John Kerry Presidential campaign in 2004, working to collect talk radio news for the campaign, and eventually was promoted to the role of Deputy Speechwriter. While working for the Kerry campaign, he first met Barack Obama.In 2005, Robert Gibbs recommended Favreau to Obama as an excellent speechwriter. Favreau was hired as Obama's speechwriter shortly after Obama's election to the United States Senate. Obama and Favreau grew close, and Obama has referred to him as his \"mind reader\". He went on the campaign trail with Obama during his successful Presidential election campaign. In 2009, he was named as a White House staff member as Director of Speechwriting."@en .corpus192.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_N._Chatigny> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert Neil Chatigny (born 1952, Taunton, MA) is a Federal Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut, having served on the court from 1994 to the present. Judge Chatigny was nominated to the court by President Bill Clinton on August 5, 1994, to a seat vacated by Warren W. Eginton, confirmed by the United States Senate on September 28, 1994, and received his commission on September 29, 1994. He has served as chief judge of the court from 2003 to September 2009. Judge Chatigny received an A.B. from Brown University in 1973 and a J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center in 1978, where he was Case and Note Editor of the Georgetown Law Journal.  He served as a law clerk to three different judges:  Samuel Conti of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (1979–1980); Jose Cabranes of the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut (1980); and Jon O. Newman of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit (1980–1981).Judge Chatigny was elected to the House of Delegates of the Connecticut Bar Association and has served on the Executive Committee of the Federal Practice Section.  He advised the Federal Courts Study Committee tasked with developing long-range plans for the federal judiciary. The University of Connecticut School of Law awarded him the Center for Children's Advocacy Children’s Justice Award in 2008.He gained national attention in 2005 when he delayed the execution of Michael Bruce Ross in order to determine if he was competent to waive challenges to his death sentence and potentially prevent a violation of the Eighth Amendment's prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment.  Ross was subsequently found competent to waive his rights and was executed.  The prosecution filed a complaint against Judge Chatigny that was dismissed by the Second Circuit Judicial Council in a 24-page decision on July 26, 2006.Judge Chatigny has been nominated by President Barack Obama to a seat on the Second Circuit Court of Appeals.  The nomination received a unanimous rating of \"well qualified\" from the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary, and the U.S. Judiciary Committee approved the nomination on June 10, 2010, on an 11-7 party-line vote.  No date was set for full Senate consideration.Opposition to the nomination has centered upon judicial restraint and attitude toward sexual offenders.  On March 5, 2010, one of the prosecutors in the Ross case, Michael E. O'Hara, Supervisory Assistant State's Attorney for the State of Connecticut, wrote a 12-page letter to the U. S. Senate Judiciary Committee to elaborate upon the complaint that was filed and dismissed in 2005/2006, stating that Judge Chatigny's actions \"certainly call into questions  [sic] Judge Chatigny's fitness to serve on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.\"  A May 26, 2010 Washington Times editorial enumerated 1) that Chatigny served as co-counsel for director Woody Allen when he unsuccessfully complained against a prosecutor who had publicly stated he had probable cause grounds for Allen's reportedly abusing a minor stepchild;  2) that Judge Chatigny was reversed by the U.S. Supreme Court in 2001 \"when the judge tried to rule against one aspect of his state's version of a Megan's Law sex-offender registry\"; 3) that the sentences imposed by Judge Chatigny in 12 child-pornography cases were \"either at or more lenient than the recommended minimum - with most downward departures involving sentences less than half as long\";  and 4) that, in the Ross case, Judge Chatigny \"threatened to take away an attorney's law license if the lawyer failed to appeal the death sentence of an eight-time murderer of girls and young women.  The judge claimed the killer's 'sexual sadism' was a mental disorder that made the murderer himself a victim.\"Support for the nomination includes three Republican former appointees as U.S. Attorney for the District of Connecticut who said in a letter to the Judiciary Committee in April 2010 that they \"support, without any reservation,\" this nomination.   They wrote:  \"While each of us has dealt with Judge Chatigny under different circumstances, we have found him to be even tempered, thorough and without agenda.  We believe that he is a fair minded and impartial judge, who has appropriate fitness and temperament for the appellate court.... We believe that a close examination of Judge Chatigny's record in sentencing federal criminal defendants shows that he is appropriately sensitive to the facts of the person before him and the rights of victims of the crimes that have been committed.  Indeed, it is our understanding that the government has never filed an appeal from Judge Chatigny's sentencings and that there has only been one defendant who has appealed from an upward departure.  We are of the strong opinion that Judge Chatigny's record on the bench makes him an outstanding and very qualified candidate.\"  Seventeen former Federal prosecutors who have worked with Judge Chatigny wrote to the Senate Judiciary Committee that \"in criminal as well as civil matters Judge Chatigny has proven himself over the course of 15 years on the bench to be unbiased, compassionate and temperate.\"In its 2006 dismissal of charges in the Ross case, the Second Circuit Judicial Council found that Judge Chatigny's actions \"were not motivated by any bias in favor of Ross [the prisoner] or against the death penalty, but only by the judge's reasonable perception that the discharge of his own judicial duty...required that he take forceful steps on Ross's behalf.... While the judge used strong language, there was no misconduct....[I]n the judge's reasonable view, the circumstances thrust on him called for unusual action in discharge of judicial duty to ensure the fair resolution of the important proceeding before him.\"Chatigny has yet to rule on the appeal of former Yale professor James Van de Velde, who had sued the city of New Haven in 2001, then Yale in 2003, for allowing his name to be leaked at the inception of the investigation into the death of Yale student Suzanne Jovin in December, 1998. Chatigny dismissed the federal fourth amendment claims in March 2004, but left alone the state claims relating to the ruination of Van de Velde's career. By not allowing the case to proceed, Van de Velde claims his efforts to \"shed light on the cold case and pressure the authorities try to solve the case\" have been stonewalled.Of the 440-some opinions Judge Chatigny has issued as a federal court judge since 1994, 16 have been reversed.  An analysis by the Sentencing Commission for Fiscal Years 2005-9, provided by Judge Chatigny,  place his departure rate \"in line with the average for the District of Connecticut as a whole.\""@en .corpus192.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_(clothing)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Started in October, 2005, SMASH is a clothing store and screenprinting/design shop that has played a critical role in the revitalization of downtown Des Moines, Iowa, United States. The store quickly built a solid reputation locally, but recently has gained more national attention recently after being featured in The New York Times, National Geographic Traveler, Slate.com, The Huffington Post, on C-SPAN, and on NPR.Primarily, SMASH is a Des Moines-centric clothing brand with a full clothing store at East 4th and Locust in Des Moines.  Though they wholesale their designs across the Midwest, they have turned down offers from stores on either coast and major chains like Urban Outfitters, preferring to be \"a regional anomaly\", in the words of SMASH-founder Mike Draper.SMASH is run by a team of designers (Mike Draper, Justin Meyer, and Garrett Cornelison) who have been hired to design or screenprint for a wide variety of local and national companies, from Farm Bureau to MTV.In 2006, SMASH's star rose with Des Moines' growing music scene, and Draper, Meyer, and Cornelison were contracted to print shirts for local bands like The Envy Corps, The Nadas, and Randy Burk.  By 2007, SMASH was designing and printing for regional bands like Dick Prall out of Chicago and Pomeroy out of Kansas City.By the Iowa caucuses of 2008, SMASH was very much at the center of the action, printing and designing for Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and Bill Richardson.In the spring of 2008, SMASH expanded its downtown store (doubling its square footage) and expanded its online presence."@en .corpus193.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Senate_career_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Illinois Senate career of Barack Obama began in with the 1997 swearing in of Obama to his first term in the Illinois Senate and ended with his 2004 election to the United States Senate. During this part of his career, Obama continued teaching constitutional law part-time at the University of Chicago Law School as he had done as a Lecturer from 1992 to 1996 and as a Senior Lecturer from 1996–2008.In 1994, Senator Alice Palmer announced her desire to run for the United States House of Representatives, leaving the Senate's 13th district seat open. When filing opened in 1995 for her seat, Obama entered the race. Eventually, his challengers were disqualified and he won the Democratic primary unopposed in 1996. He won re-election in 1998 and 2002. During his Senate tenure, Obama was involved with a wide range of legislation. While serving, he ran unsuccessfully for the United States House of Representatives in the 2000 elections. In the redistricting following 2000 Census, the Democrats gained control of the Illinois Senate, and Obama became more active in his legislation, which included work in areas such as health care, labor, law enforcement, campaign finance reform, welfare, and community reinvestment."@en .corpus193.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate_career_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Senate career of Barack Obama began on January 4, 2005 and ended on November 16, 2008. He resigned his seat in the Illinois Senate to serve and would resign upon being elected President of the United States. Obama won the seat in an election against Alan Keyes who replaced Republican Primary election winner Jack Ryan. Prior to his election but after Ryan withdrew from the race, he rose to national prominence by delivering the 2004 Democratic National Convention keynote address. Upon his election, he became the fifth African American Senator in U.S. history, the third to have been popularly elected.As a Senator, he served on a variety of committees and chaired the United States Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on European Affairs. His bill sponsorship and voting records indicates that he was a loyalist to the Democratic Party. He was considered to be among the most liberal by various analyses. In his first session (109th Congress), he was involved in immigration reform. Legislation bearing his name was passed for armament reduction and federal transparency as well as relief aid. In the first year of the 110th Congress, he worked on lobbying and campaign finance reform, election reform, climate control and troop reduction. In the second year, he legislated for oversight of certain military discharges, Iran divestment and nuclear terrorism reduction, but President George W. Bush vetoed his legislation for State Children's Health Insurance Program-related military family job protections.His resignation and the procedural appointment of his replacement led to the Rod Blagojevich corruption charges with eventual impeachment of the Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich. Subsequently, Roland Burris was appointed to replace Obama, and Burris was involved in a United States Senate ethics probe regarding his association with Blagojevich."@en .corpus193.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Clawson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Loretta Clawson is the former mayor of Boone, North Carolina.  Clawson was first elected in 2005, and was re-elected to additional 2-year terms in 2007 and 2009. She chose not to run in 2013.In 2008, Clawson endorsed Barack Obama for President, becoming one of the first mayors in North Carolina to do so.  The endorsement came three months ahead of the May 6 North Carolina Democratic Primary between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.In 2012, Clawson was awarded the Order of the Long Leaf Pine by the state of North Carolina, in honor of her 48 years of public service."@en .corpus193.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Engen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Engen has been mayor of Missoula, Montana, USA since 2006. Missoula’s 50th mayor, Engen was born in Missoula in 1964, attended Willard Elementary School, Hellgate High School and The University of Montana, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in journalism.Before serving as mayor, Engen served a term as a city council member, was an award-winning writer and editor for the city’s daily newspaper, owned and operated his own small business and volunteered for a variety of Missoula’s non-profit organizations, concentrating on human services. As an amateur auctioneer and emcee, Engen’s helped raise hundreds of thousands of dollars to help friends and neighbors in the community.His wife Tracy owns and operate a travel agency in Missoula. The Engens live in the Rattlesnake Valley along with their rescued Labradoodle, Odie, and a cat called Moose. The family's rescued greyhound, Patches, died in February 2011.Recently, Mayor John Engen endorsed Barack Obama for President of the United States."@en .corpus193.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Palmer_(politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alice J. Palmer (born June 20, 1939) is an American educator and former Democratic member of the Illinois Senate. Known as a longtime progressive activist, Palmer represented the state's 13th Senate District from June 6, 1991, until January 8, 1997. At the time, the  district spanned an economically diverse area and included the Chicago communities of Hyde Park, South Shore and Englewood.First appointed to fill the vacant seat of retired state senator Richard H. Newhouse, Jr., Palmer successfully ran for election in 1992 and served a four-year term that ended on January 8, 1997. She ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. House of Representatives in 1995, and was succeeded in office by Barack Obama.Prior to her time in the state legislature, Palmer was executive director of Chicago Cities in Schools program and founding director of the Chicago Metropolitan YMCA Youth and Government Program."@en .corpus193.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_L._Kirp> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David L. Kirp , is James D. Marver professor at the Goldman School of Public Policy at the University of California, Berkeley,  member of the Barack Obama Presidential Transition Team and author. His research has explored a wide range of social policy domains, including preschool, k-12 and higher education, race and gender equality, affordable housing, and the AIDS crisis. His work has attracted scholarly, policy activist, and popular audiences. He has written some sixteen books, as well as many articles that have appeared in leading policy-focused social science journals and law reviews. He is a regular contributor to the New York Times and other national publications His research has been translated into numerous foreign languages, including Chinese (traditional and simplified), Japanese and Ukrainian. Among his books are Improbable Scholars: The Rebirth of a Great American School District and a Strategy for America's Schools'Italic text (winner of the AERA outstanding book award, 2014), Kids First: Five Big Ideas for Transforming Children's Lives and America's Future'Italic text, Sandbox Investment: The Preschool Movement and Kids First Politics Italic textand Shakespeare, Einstein and the Bottom Line: The Marketing of American Higher EducationItalic text"@en .corpus193.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewell_Park> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sewell Park is a park located on the Texas State University campus along the San Marcos River in San Marcos, Texas.  The park neighbors City Park, the San Marcos Mill Tract and Strahan Coliseum.It was opened in 1917 by the university, then known as Southwest Texas State Normal School, and was called Riverside Park.  The land was owned by the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries and leased to the school.  It was originally used by students to learn how to swim and for general recreation.  In its formation, mud from the river bottom was removed to build up the banks.  In 1949 the park was renamed to Sewell Park in honor of mathematics professor S.M. Sewell.In February 2008, over 15,000 people gathered in Sewell Park to attend a rally for U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama.A long time fixture of Sewell Park, local legend Dan Barry better known as \"Frisbee Dan\" can be seen on just about any sunny day of the year tossing his frisbee and keeping a watchful eye on the park.  ==References=="@en .corpus193.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Wright_controversy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Jeremiah Wright controversy gained national attention in the United States in March 2008 when ABC News, after reviewing dozens of U.S. Presidential candidate Barack Obama's pastor Jeremiah Wright's sermons, excerpted parts which were subject to intense media scrutiny.  Wright is a retired senior pastor of Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago and former pastor of President Obama. Obama denounced the statements in question, but critics continued to press the issue of his relationship with Wright. In response to this, he gave a speech titled \"A More Perfect Union\", in which he sought to place Dr. Wright's comments in a historical and sociological context.  In the speech, Obama again denounced Wright's remarks, but did not disown him as a person.  The controversy began to fade, but was renewed in late April when Wright made a series of media appearances, including an interview on Bill Moyers Journal, a speech at the NAACP, and a speech at the National Press Club.  After the last of these, Obama spoke more forcefully against his former pastor, saying that he was \"outraged\" and \"saddened\" by his behavior, and in May he resigned his membership in the church."@en .corpus194.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roderick_W._Moore> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Roderick W. Moore is the Principal Deputy High Representative and Brcko District Supervisor at the Office of the High Representative (OHR) in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.  Prior to beginning his assignment at OHR, Moore served for three years (2007-2010) as the first American Ambassador to Montenegro. He was nominated for that posting by President George W. Bush and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on June 29, 2007. Senator Barack Obama chaired the Senate confirmation hearing in June 2007 at which Ambassador-designate Moore testified.  Then Under-Secretary of State for Political Affairs, R. Nicholas Burns, swore him in on September 12, 2007, in the Treaty Room of the State Department.  He arrived to Montenegro and presented his credentials to Montenegrin President Filip Vujanovic on September 18, 2007. He left post in August 2010."@en .corpus194.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Briggs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Xavier de Souza Briggs (born 1968) is an American sociologist and planner, known for his work on social capital, civic capacity, and community building, as well as the concept of the \"geography of opportunity,\" which addresses the consequences of race and class segregation for the well-being and life prospects of the disadvantaged. He is a member of the MIT faculty and is currently on leave, serving as vice president of the Ford Foundation. In January 2009, Briggs went on a public service leave from MIT, appointed by President Barack Obama to become Associate Director of the White HouseOffice of Management and Budget. At OMB, he oversaw policy and budget for six cabinet agencies (Housing and Urban Development, Treasury, Commerce, Transportation, Justice, and Homeland Security) as well as the Small Business Administration, General Services Administration, and other agencies, with a discretionary budget totaling approximately $225 billion per year. He returned to the MIT faculty in August 2011. In January 2014, he went on leave anew, to join the Ford Foundation.He is Professor of Sociology and Urban Planning in the Department of Urban Studies and Planning at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).  He is also a former faculty member of Harvard University’s Kennedy School of Government. He was a presidential appointee in the Clinton Administration, serving as a senior policy official at the US Department of Housing and Urban Development."@en .corpus194.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Husock> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Howard Husock is vice president for policy research at the Manhattan Institute, where he is also director of its Social Entrepreneurship Initiative and a contributing editor to the Institute's quarterly magazine, City Journal. He is the author of the blog Philanthropy and Society on Forbes.com and author of the book Philanthropy Under Fire.Husock was nominated for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting Board of Directors by President Barack Obama in June 2013 and confirmed by the Senate in August 2013. From 1987 through 2006, Husock served as director of case studies in public policy and management at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government, where he was also a fellow at the Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations. His publications on the nonprofit sector have appeared in The Wall Street Journal, National Affairs, Society Magazine, The Chronicle of Philanthropy, The Public Interest, The New York Times, and the Washington Post. In addition, Husock has written widely on housing and urban policy, including in his book, The Trillion-Dollar Housing Mistake: The Failure of American Housing Policy (Ivan R. Dee, 2003) and his monograph Repairing the Ladder: Toward a New Housing Policy Paradigm (Reason Foundation, 1996). His work has also appeared in the Journal of Policy Analysis and Management, Philanthropy, and The Wilson Quarterly. Husock is a former broadcast journalist and documentary filmmaker whose work at WGBH-TV in Boston won three Emmy awards.His WGBH series Community Disorder: Racial Violence in Boston (1979) won the Robert F. Kennedy Journalism award for television. His WGBH credits include The Paterson Project: One City in the Reagan Era (1982);  Pat Ewing and an American Dream (1981); Meet Tom Menino (1983);  The World Halfball Tournament (1983) and America’s First School: 350 Years at Boston Latin (1984)."@en .corpus195.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tewes> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul Tewes is a Democratic strategist specializing in national political organizing in the United States. Tewes was the Iowa state director for Barack Obama's presidential campaign, and continued after the Iowa caucus to lead Obama's field operations in key states such as Nevada, Ohio and Pennsylvania. According to the Huffington Post, Tewes \"is widely regarded among the very most talented of political organizers in the nation,\" and was \"largely responsible for Obama's surprise win in Iowa\"."@en .corpus195.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Honaker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Henderson Honaker (born March 10, 1951) is a lawyer in Rock Springs, Wyoming who was nominated on March 19, 2007, by U.S. President George W. Bush to serve as one of three U.S. District Judges for the District of Wyoming. The nomination was given the highest \"well qualified\" rating by the judicial evaluation committee of the American Bar Association. Honaker was initially recommended to Bush by U.S. Senator Craig L. Thomas of Wyoming, who died some three months later. Honaker had co-chaired Thomas' reelection campaign in 2006 in Rock Springs. Honaker never obtained a Senate vote on his confirmation. The succession of Barack Obama to the presidency ended his candidacy. Had he been confirmed, Honaker would have succeeded Judge Clarence A. Brimmer in Cheyenne. Nancy D. Freudenthal was subsequently nominated and confirmed to the seat."@en .corpus195.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Thurmond> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael L. Thurmond (born 5 January 1953) is the interim superintendent of the DeKalb County School District, the third largest district in the state of Georgia.  The district serves nearly 99,000 students with over 13,400 employees.  He is currently on leave from the Butler, Wooten & Fryhofer law firm.  Thurmond was the Democratic Party's nominee for United States Senate in 2010.Thurmond was raised as a sharecropper's son in Clarke County, Georgia.  He graduated Cum Laude with a B.A. in Philosophy and Religion from Paine College and later earned a Juris Doctorate degree from the University of South Carolina School of Law. He also completed the Political Executives program at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.In 1986, he became the first African-American elected to the Georgia General Assembly from Clarke County since Reconstruction. During his legislative tenure, Thurmond authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgia's senior citizens and working families.Following his legislative service, Thurmond was called upon to lead the state Division of Family and Children's Services and direct Georgia's historic transition from welfare to work.  He created the innovative Work First program, which helped over 90,000 welfare-dependent Georgia families move from dependence into the workforce.In 1997, Thurmond became a distinguished lecturer at the University of Georgia's Carl Vinson Institute of Government.  The following year in November, he was elected Georgia Labor Commissioner, becoming the first non-incumbent African American to be elected to statewide office in Georgia.During his three terms as commissioner, the Georgia Labor Department underwent a major transformation in customer service and efficiency.  His Georgia Works program has earned national praise and bi-partisan support. President Barack Obama based part of the American Jobs Act after the Georgia Works model.  However, Thurmond's most gratifying accomplishment as a public official was the construction of a $20 million school for young people with disabilities at the historic Roosevelt Institute in Warm Springs, Georgia.He is the recipient of two honorary doctorate degrees from Clark Atlanta University and LaGrange College.  Thurmond has also served as a  motivational speaker to state school board associations in nine Southern states on issues regarding leadership, diversity, and public education advocacy in the 21st century.Thurmond's latest book, Freedom: Georgia's Antislavery Heritage, 1733-1865, was awarded the Georgia Historical Society's Lilla Hawes Award.  The Georgia Center for the Book listed Freedom as one of The 25 Books All Georgian's Should Read.  He presently serves on the Board of Curators of the Georgia Historical Society.  He is married to Zola Fletcher Thurmond, and they have one daughter, Mikaya Thurmond."@en .corpus195.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lael_Brainard> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lael Brainard (born 1962) is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve's Board of Governors and previously served as the United States Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs in the administration of President Barack Obama. She previously was a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution from 2001 to 2009, and served as the vice president and director of the Global Economy and Development program from June 2006 to March 16, 2009. Brainard was confirmed by the United States Senate to her post on April 20, 2010. She left her post at the U.S. Treasury in November 2013. On Wednesday, February 12, 2014, the White House Press Office announced that U.S. President Barack Obama had nominated D. Nathan Sheets, of Maryland, to the U.S. Senate, for possible confirmation as her replacement."@en .corpus196.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devorah_Adler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Devorah Adler is a political consultant and opposition research specialist for the Democratic National Committee in the United States. A former Assistant Director for Health Policy during the Bill Clinton presidency, Adler later served as Director of Research for the Democratic National Committee in the 2006 election cycle, and served as Director of Research for the Barack Obama campaign for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination.Adler was one of the Obama 2008 campaign's first hires in January 2007, assigned to debunk a widely circulated anonymous set of emails that rumored Obama was Muslim.  Interviewed at that time by Politico.com, Adler said, \"We've been bird-dogging it from the beginning; the first research document that I put together was a response to the 'Who is Barack Obama?' email.\""@en .corpus196.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Adelman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David I. Adelman was the United States Ambassador to the Republic of Singapore from 2010 to 2013.  Formerly a partner at the law firm of Sutherland, Asbill and Brennan LLP, Adelman served in the Georgia State Senate from 2002 to 2010 before being nominated by President Barack Obama.  Since being confirmed by the United States Senate, Ambassador Adelman has emerged as a leading champion of American businesses in Asia."@en .corpus196.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_the_Magic_Negro> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Barack the Magic Negro\" is a song by American political satirist Paul Shanklin who wrote and recorded it for the Rush Limbaugh Show as satire after the title phrase was first applied to presidential candidate Obama by movie and culture critic David Ehrenstein in a Los Angeles Times op ed column of March 19, 2007. It was played numerous times in 2007 and 2008 by Rush Limbaugh and appeared on the 2008 album We Hate the USA. It is sung by Shanklin to the tune of \"Puff, the Magic Dragon\". Shanklin impersonates black activist Al Sharpton, who regretfully sings that white people will vote for Barack Obama for President instead of Sharpton, because Obama is a magical Negro (a term previously popularized by Spike Lee), not a real black man from the \"hood\".Limbaugh was criticized and accused of racism for playing the song. The controversy was reignited in December 2008, when Chip Saltsman, a candidate for chairman of the Republican National Committee, sent out CDs containing the song to 168 other RNC members as a Christmas gift, hoping to bolster his 2009 campaign for RNC chair. The move backfired, Saltsman dropped his bid to head the RNC, and ultimately African-American Republican Michael Steele won the chairmanship."@en .corpus196.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Ayers_2008_presidential_election_controversy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "During the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign, controversy arose regarding Barack Obama's relationship with Bill Ayers, a Distinguished Professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago, and a former leader of the Weather Underground, a radical left organization in the 1970s. Investigations by CNN, The New York Times and other news organizations concluded that Obama did not have a close relationship with Ayers.Ayers and his wife, Bernardine Dohrn, hosted a gathering at their home in 1995, where Alice Palmer introduced Obama as her chosen successor in the Illinois State Senate. Obama and Ayers' nine years of service on the board of directors of the Woods Fund of Chicago overlapped for three years from 1999 to 2002.The matter was first raised by the British and American press, then by conservative blogs and  talk radio programs, and then by moderator George Stephanopoulos during a debate between Hillary Clinton and Obama in April 2008. The Obama-Ayers connection was used as a major campaign issue by Republican presidential candidate John McCain and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin during the 2008 presidential election campaign.  Obama has condemned Ayers' past, and stated that he does not have a close association with him."@en .corpus196.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_tax_holiday> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In United States politics, the gas tax holiday or the gas tax loophole was a proposal made by presidential contenders Arizona Senator John McCain and New York Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton to suspend the federal excise tax on gasoline from Memorial Day to Labor Day in the year 2008. Proponents argued that this could potentially reduce the price of gas at the pump by about 18.4 cents a gallon for regular unleaded gasoline and 24.4 cents a gallon for diesel. If it were done, it was estimated the gas tax holiday would save consumers roughly $30 over the three-month period it would be instated.  However, Barack Obama and others argued that the oil companies would not significantly lower prices and would instead pocket most of the tax cut, effectively turning the cut into a tax loophole."@en .corpus196.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Valitchka> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Valitchka, (born 1995) is a motivational speaker and author who works to inspire children, students and professionals worldwide.He won the \"Most Inspiring Youth of the Decade\" Diamond Award, which is given to the student who \"demonstrates consistent community service, global leadership, determination, inspiration, achievement, motivation, is an overcomer, a negotiator and is dedicated.\" This award is predicated on providing six social references. Valitchka provided sixteen reference letters, two years of transcripts and participated in an interview. Valitchka won the 2013 International Barack Obama Influencer Diamond Award, which was presented to Valitchka on January 27, 2013 and is awarded to the student who has inspired millions of people across the globe to take part in their school community, their political community and the world in general. The student has a presence, an aura of success and excellent public speaking skills, which sets them apart and enables them to empower others.Valitchka wrote his first bestselling novel, Superheroes Don't Have Dads, at eight years old. When he was only 10 years old he became an anti-bullying advocate and motivational speaker, as well as a goodwill ambassador for literacy. He has traveled throughout Canada and internationally, encouraging children everywhere to read and write. He has also spoken at several Safe School Forums and anti-bullying workshops and conventions. He launched international programming and conferences called Literacy Can Change Lives with the support of Air Canada, Rosemary Sadlier, the Ontario Black History Society, Herbert Carnegie's Future Aces, Sutton Place Hotels, HUB International and Judge Stanley Grizzle, who is his godfather. Valitchka has been selected as one of ten finalists for the \"Most Inspiring Youth of the Decade Award\" and the Diamond Award.To date Valitchka has published eight books, including I Love Grandpa, Superheroes Don't Have Dads, Locked Up Mysteries, Free To Be Me, Jess and Cade's Spy Missions, Maybe I'll Be a Pastor, and I'm Not Brown I'm Human and Greater Expectations.James is also a playwright as he co-wrote the play Underground Alphabet (Underground Alphabet Railroad) dedicated to Nelson Mandela. The sold out play is at Berkeley Street Theatre from February 3 to 10, 2014 at 1 p.m. James told the media, \"This play is about the celebration of acceptance, inclusion and equality. It also asks questions about a relevant social issue - the right to an education and the value of education as part of a sense of self worth, pride and belonging. So many kids are not able to receive an education today because of their life and their communities – all over the world children like Malala Yousafzai still fight to go to school. Education really does have the power to change the world, whether it is education about people from different races and cultures, or education about life, or an academic education. Underground Alphabet Railroad is about all three of these different types of education\"."@en .corpus197.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yousif_Ghafari> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Yousif Boutrous Ghafari (sometimes Youssef B. Ghafari, born September 27, [1952), American businessman of Lebanese birth, owner of architectural firm Ghafari Associates LLC, former United States Ambassador to Slovenia. During the Senate confirmation hearings, then-Senator Barack Obama called Ghafari \"an immigrant who has truly lived the American dream.\"Born in Alma El-Chaab, Lebanon, \"in a home with no electricity, phone or running water,\" Ghafari moved to the United States in 1972. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics in 1974, a Master of Arts in Applied Mathematics and Computer Applications in 1975, and a Master of Science in Chemical Engineering in 1977, from Wayne State University.In 2004 and 2005, Ghafari was a public delegate to the United Nations General Assembly.His alma mater named one of its residence halls in his honor after he donated $9 million to the school. The school gave him an honorary Doctor of Laws degree on May 3, 2008. He was notified of the degree the same week the Senate confirmed his ambassadorship.A significant donor to the Republican party, Ghafari is considered one of \"the active, vocal and successful Republican leaders of the Michigan Arab-American community.\"On May 25, 2008, Ghafari presented his diplomatic credentials to  Dimitrij Rupel in Ljubljana. He was received by Slovenian President Danilo Türk on May 29. He climbed Mount Triglav, making him \"an honorary Slovenian.\" On January 20, 2009, when Barack Obama was sworn in as U. S. President, Ghafari's term ended."@en .corpus197.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enron_loophole> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The \"Enron loophole\" exempts most over-the-counter energy trades and trading on electronic energy commodity markets from government regulation.The \"loophole\" was enacted in sections § 2(h) and (g) of the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000, signed by U.S. president Bill Clinton on December 21, 2000. It allowed for the creation, for U.S. exchanges, of a new kind of derivative security, the single-stock future, which had been prohibited since 1982 under the Shad-Johnson Accord, a jurisdictional pact between John S. R. Shad, then chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and Phil Johnson, then chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.In September 2007, Senator Carl Levin (D-MI) introduced Senate Bill S. 2058 specifically to close the \"Enron Loophole\". This bill was later attached to H.R. 6124, the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, also known as \"The 2008 Farm Bill\". President George W. Bush vetoed the bill, but was overridden by both the House and Senate, and on June 18, 2008 the bill was enacted into law.Wendy Gramm, Senator Phil Gramm's wife, coincidentally was the former chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. After leaving the CFTC, she took a seat on Enron's board of directors.On June 22, 2008, then U.S. Senator Barack Obama blamed the \"Enron loophole\" for allowing speculators to run up the cost of fuel by operating outside federal regulation."@en .corpus197.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary_4_U_and_Me> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Hillary 4 U And Me\" is a music video inspired by the Hillary Clinton 2008 Democratic primaries campaign.  The song was created by former Bitfone executive Gene Wang, and performed by Bill Hopkins Rockin’ Orchestra.  The video posted on YouTube on September 28, 2007 and soon after spread through Internet blogs which mostly criticized it for being too sappy-sweet and contrived, as demonstrated by the sample lyric \"This lady knows how to lead/In this president’s race she will succeed!\".  The sappy nature of the song made it a hit internet meme, drawing over 500,000 views.  The song is also described as a kitschy yet catchy tribute to Senator Clinton.  The video was so reviled that some conspiracy theorists even posited that the video may have been secretly created by supporters of primary opponent Barack Obama as a fake failed response to the Yes We Can video.Gene Wang released another video on April 18, 2008, entitled “Hillary in the House”.  This next video contains the lyrics, “for all y’all in the blogosphere who didn’t want to see ‘Hillary 4 U And Me’, we’re not giving in and Hillary is gonna’ win.”"@en .corpus197.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Markus> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kent Richard Markus (born February 1, 1959) is an American lawyer and an official in the administration of President Barack Obama, working in the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  Markus also previously was a law professor at Capital University Law School and during the administration of President Clinton was an official in the U.S. Department of Justice.  Markus also is a former federal judicial nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit."@en .corpus198.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Strait> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Crystal Strait is an American politician from Azusa, California. She was elected President of the California Young Democrats in 2005, the official youth arm of the California Democratic Party, and was Political Action Director of the California Democratic Party. She is notable in her capacity as a superdelegate to the 2008 Democratic National Convention, where her pledge to vote for Barack Obama made him tie with Hillary Clinton in superdelegate count.  She was elected President of the Young Democrats of America at its 2009 National Convention in Chicago on August 8, 2009 for a two year term. Strait resigned from her position of President in June 2010.In June 2010, Strait began working as the Political Director in the Boxer for Senate 2010 Campaign, the toughest to date. After a rigorous few months alongside a phenomenal campaign staff, Strait saw her job as Political Director through when Boxer won 52.1 percent of the vote while Carly Fiorina, the Republican nominee, trailed behind at 42.3 percent of the vote. On December 7, 2010, it was announced that Strait would serve as the Chief of Staff to Assemblymember Dr. Richard Pan.Interns tend to recall that Strait likes Hello Kitty products, Chinese food, and Diet Coke (light on the ice)."@en .corpus198.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_M._Davis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Andre Maurice Davis (born February 11, 1949) is a Senior Judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.  He previously was a federal district judge, and was nominated first for a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit by President Bill Clinton in 2000.  He was renominated to the Fourth Circuit by President Barack Obama on April 2, 2009, and he was confirmed by the Senate on November 9, 2009. On February 28, 2014 Davis assumed senior status."@en .corpus199.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_the_People_What_They_Want_(The_O'Jays_song)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Give the People What They Want\" is a song by R&B vocal group The O'Jays.  Released from their album, Survival, it spent one week at number one on the R&B singles chart in the summer of 1975.  It was also peaked at number forty-five on the Billboard Hot 100.It was used as part of the regular playlist at campaign events for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential candidacy.The O'Jays song is currently being used by NBC's WCAU-TV-10 to promote the station's news and other programing.  The song's chorus plays with no other voice-over, along with clips of action in the streets, and station on-air staff with slogans promoting programming.  The campaign debuted 12 February 2010, including one clip of \"Jay Leno at 11:35\", after The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien was off the air.This song is heavily sampled in EPMD's song \"Give the People\" from their 1990 album Business as Usual.The song is used as the intro theme music for former NBA player Jalen Rose's podcast, The Jalen Rose Report, for Grantland. The phrase has become Rose's unofficial catchphrase."@en .corpus199.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell's_Boat_Shop> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lowell's Boat Shop (Hiram Lowell & Sons) is a National Historic Landmark at 459 Main Street in Amesbury, Massachusetts.The shop was built in 1793 by Simeon Lowell. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.Located on the banks of the Merrimack River, Lowell’s Boat Shop is considered to be the birthplace of the legendary New England fishing dory, originated by Simeon Lowell. His grandson, Hiram, further developed the dory into the simplified Banks dory design that became a mainstay of New England's fishing fleets.  An historian remarked, \"A Lowell's dory to a fisherman was like a hammer to a carpenter\". Hiram also created a seminal form of assembly line production that made Lowell's the world's preeminent dory manufacturer of its day. It is said to have greatly influenced Henry Ford's mass production processes. Within the boat shop's buildings remain such interesting historic features as ancient ship's knees, heavily worn floorboards and two centuries of accumulated paint coat the floors. The oldest buildings remaining on the site are combined Greek Revival structures that were built in the 1860s.  A cross-beam features annual production figures, branded into the wood from 1897 through 1919, reveal that 2,029 boats were built here, by hand, in the single year of 1911.  Lowell’s Boat Shop is also a rare survivor of the many various industries for which the Merrimack River Valley region was known.  From George Washington to Barack Obama, LBS has remained in operation through every US presidency on property purchased by founder, Simeon Lowell, in the 18th century.Today, Lowell's Boat Shop is a working boat shop and living museum.  The shop continues to build dories and skiffs in the tradition of the seven generations of the Lowell family.  Its rich history is conveyed through boat building classes, model dory classes, apprenticeships, onsite programs for scouts, local schools and at-risk youth.  Because the cost of building wooden boats provides little profit margin, Lowell's Maritime Foundation continues to find creative ways to augment income. Volunteers, mentored by the boat builders, manage the onsite production of a variety of wood based products that are made from wood that might otherwise be considered scrap. Lowell's Boat Shop actively encourages boat building, tourism and maritime fine arts with affiliations with a variety of government agencies and non-profit organizations. During the boating season, members are able to row Lowell's line of dories and skiffs as a part of the Members Open Waterfront Program. The Boat Shop is fully accessible to the handicapped and guided tours are offered by appointment.In 2012, Lowell's Boat Shop was chosen to participate in an historic project for America's last extant whale ship, the Charles Charles W. Morgan. A group of local high school apprentices have assisted in the construction of an historically accurate Beetle-design whaleboat replica, which will accompany the Charles W. Morgan when her restoration is complete."@en .corpus199.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Rediker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Douglas Rediker is the Executive Chairman of International Capital Strategies, LLC, a policy and markets advisory boutique based in Washington, DC.  He is also a Visiting Fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.  Until 2012, he was a member of the Executive Board of the International Monetary Fund representing the United States.  He was nominated by President Barack Obama on December 2, 2009.  His confirmation hearing before the US Senate Committee on Foreign Relations was held on January 28, 2010  and he was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 10, 2010.Previously, he spent several years as the co-founder and director of The New America Foundation's Global Strategic Finance Initiative (\"GSFI\").He has written extensively and testified before Congress on the subject of state capitalism, global finance, Sovereign Wealth Funds and other issues surrounding the relationship between global capital flows and their impact on foreign policy.He and his wife, Heidi Crebo-Rediker co-founded the GSFI in 2007 after they both returned to the United States following 16 years in Europe.  Mrs. Crebo-Rediker left GSFI to join the staff of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in February 2009.  Mr. Rediker previously served as a senior investment banker and private equity investor for a number of investment banks, including Salomon Brothers, Merrill Lynch and Lehman Brothers. He was instrumental in leading a number of the earliest privatizations in Central and Eastern Europe. In particular, Mr. Rediker led many transactions involving the Hungarian Telecommunications Company, Magyar Telekom (previously known as Matav), including its initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange. He was also a London-based partner in TD Capital, a private equity firm focused on media and telecommunications investments. Mr. Rediker began his career as an attorney with Skadden Arps in New York and Washington, D.C.Mr. Rediker has received numerous industry awards, including having been named an \"Emerging Markets Superstar\" by Global Finance Magazine and has received both the \"EEMEA Equity\" and \"M&A Deals of the Year\" by The International Financing Review. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the International Institute for Strategic Studies and the Royal Institute of International Affairs (Chatham House). Mr. Rediker appears often in both broadcast and print media, and has been published in The New Republic, The National Interest and The Wall Street Journal.Mr. Rediker was a member of the National Finance Committee for the Presidential Campaign of Barack Obama."@en .corpus199.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Holder> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eric Himpton Holder, Jr. (born January 21, 1951) is the 82nd Attorney General of the United States, in office since 2009. Holder, serving in the administration of President Barack Obama, is the first African American to hold the position of U.S. Attorney General. As of 2014, Holder is one of three members of the original Obama cabinet that are still serving in their posts: the others being  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and  Education Secretary Arne Duncan.Holder previously served as a judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia and a United States Attorney. While a U.S. Attorney, he prosecuted Congressman Dan Rostenkowski (D–Illinois) for corruption charges related to his role in the Congressional Post Office scandal. Later, he was Deputy Attorney General of the United States and worked at the law firm of Covington & Burling in Washington, D.C. He was senior legal advisor to Barack Obama during Obama's presidential campaign and one of three members of Obama's vice-presidential selection committee. During the Fast and Furious investigation, he became the only cabinet member in U.S. history to be held in contempt of Congress.On September 25, 2014, the Justice Department announced Holder would resign when his successor was confirmed.On November 8, 2014, President Barack Obama nominated Loretta Lynch, the current United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, to succeed Holder as the next Attorney General of the United States."@en .corpus199.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009_United_States_federal_budget> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States federal budget for fiscal year 2009 began as a spending request submitted by President George W. Bush to the 110th Congress. The final resolution written and submitted by the 110th Congress to be forwarded to the President was approved by the House on June 5, 2008.  The final spending bills for the budget were not signed into law until March 11, 2009 by President Barack Obama, nearly five and a half months after the fiscal year began."@en .corpus199.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Gelser> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sara Gelser (born December 20, 1973) is a Democratic American politician from Oregon. Since 2015, she is a member of the Oregon State Senate from District 8. From 2005 to 2015, she served in the Oregon House of Representatives for District 16, representing Corvallis and Philomath. Prior to her service in the Legislature, Gelser served on the Corvallis School Board and worked for the Oregon Department of Human Services.  In 2010, she was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve on the National Council on Disability, and was confirmed to the position by the US Senate. In 2011, she was named a German Marshall Memorial Fellow.  In November 2014, she was elected to the Senate, taking office in January 2015."@en .corpus199.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_David_Manning> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James David Manning (born February 20, 1947) is chief pastor at the ATLAH World Missionary Church on 123rd Street in New York City. Manning grew up in Red Springs, North Carolina, born to an African American family, and has been at ATLAH since 1981. ATLAH stands for All The Land Anointed Holy, which is Manning's name for Harlem.Manning's congregation, \"ATLAH Worldwide Missionary Church\" is the former Bethelite Missionary Baptist Church. The church is also the site of the ATLAH Theological Seminary, which offers classes on preaching and prophecy. Through the ATLAH church, Manning hosts an online series called The Manning Report, which features criticism on such topics as the negative influence of black celebrities, homosexuality and the alleged criminal acts of current U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus199.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Barr_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Bob Barr presidential campaign of 2008 began when the former Republican Congressman of Georgia announced his candidacy for the Libertarian Party's presidential nomination on May 12, 2008 after months of grassroots draft efforts. Barr's candidacy was criticized by Libertarians who opposed his efforts in Congress, which included a vote in favor of the USA PATRIOT Act and authorization of the War in Iraq, but he was supported by others who accepted his regret for the votes. Barr won the party's nomination after six rounds of balloting at the 2008 Libertarian Party National Convention. Former contender Wayne Allyn Root was named as his running mate. Reason magazine senior editor Radley Balko called Barr \"the first serious candidate the LP has run since I've been eligible to vote.\"In the general election, Barr hoped to portray himself as a conservative alternative to the Republican nominee John McCain.  He emphasized his opposition to the Republican Party for its positions on the War in Iraq and the USA PATRIOT Act, but stood as an advocate for border security and fiscal constraint, demonstrated by his opposition to the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008. The candidate never made headway in election polls, placing third or fourth when included. Barr's efforts to be invited to presidential debates with the two main candidates also fell short when he failed to meet the 15% polling threshold.Barr campaigned throughout the nation. He litigated to gain ballot access in several states and to prevent McCain and the Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama from appearing on the Texas ballot for failing to meet the filing deadline. On election day, Barr appeared on the ballot in 44 states; he finished fourth in the general election, behind Ralph Nader, receiving 523,686 votes, or 0.4% of the total."@en .corpus199.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Political_Machine_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Political Machine 2008 is a government simulation game from Stardock and the second game in the Political Machine series, in which the player leads a campaign to elect the President of the United States. The player accomplishes this goal by traveling from state to state and engaging in a variety of activities to either raise money or raise poll numbers. It is the sequel to The Political Machine released in 2004. The Political Machine 2008 features new characters such as Barack Obama and John McCain. The game focuses on much more current issues and the constant need for money.The game also features 3 more scenarios, election in the American Civil War, an election taking place in an alternative European Union, and an alien world.The developers said that they would add new content into the game before November 4 (the election) and update the issues as they changed in importance. New candidates were also planned once minor bugs were ironed out."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCain> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Sidney McCain III (born August 29, 1936) is the senior United States Senator from Arizona. He was the Republican presidential nominee in the 2008 United States presidential election.McCain followed his father and grandfather, both four-star admirals, into the United States Navy, graduating from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1958. He became a naval aviator, flying ground-attack aircraft from aircraft carriers. During the Vietnam War, he was almost killed in the 1967 USS Forrestal fire. In October 1967, while on a bombing mission over Hanoi, he was shot down, seriously injured, and captured by the North Vietnamese. He was a prisoner of war until 1973. McCain experienced episodes of torture, and refused an out-of-sequence early repatriation offer. His war wounds left him with lifelong physical limitations.He retired from the Navy as a captain in 1981 and moved to Arizona, where he entered politics. Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1982, he served two terms, and was then elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986, winning re-election easily four times, most recently in 2010. While generally adhering to conservative principles, McCain at times has had a media reputation as a \"maverick\" for his willingness to disagree with his party on certain issues. After being investigated and largely exonerated in a political influence scandal of the 1980s as a member of the Keating Five, he made campaign finance reform one of his signature concerns, which eventually led to the passage of the McCain-Feingold Act in 2002. He is also known for his work towards restoring diplomatic relations with Vietnam in the 1990s, and for his belief that the war in Iraq should be fought to a successful conclusion. McCain has chaired the Senate Commerce Committee, opposed spending that he considered to be pork barrel, and played a key role in alleviating a crisis over judicial nominations.McCain ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 2000 but lost a heated primary season contest to George W. Bush. He secured the nomination in 2008 after coming back from early reversals, but fell to Democratic candidate Barack Obama in the general election, losing by a 365–173 electoral college margin and by 53–46 percent in the popular vote. He subsequently adopted more orthodox conservative stances and attitudes and largely opposed actions of the Obama administration, especially in regard to foreign policy matters. By 2013, however, he had become a key figure in the Senate for negotiating deals on certain issues in an otherwise partisan environment."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secretary_of_the_Interior> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Secretary of the Interior is the head of the U.S. Department of the Interior.The U.S. Department of the Interior should not be confused with the concept of interior design or Ministries of the Interior as used in many other countries. Ministries of the Interior in these other countries correspond primarily to the Department of Homeland Security in the U.S. Cabinet and secondarily to the Department of Justice.The U.S. Department of the Interior oversees such agencies as the Bureau of Land Management, the United States Geological Survey, and the National Park Service. The Secretary also serves on and appoints the private citizens on the National Park Foundation board. The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet. Because the policies and activities of the Department of the Interior and many of its agencies have a substantial impact in the western United States, the Secretary of the Interior has typically come from a western state; only one of the individuals to hold the office since 1949 is not identified with a state lying west of the Mississippi River. The current Secretary of the Interior in Barack Obama's administration is former REI CEO Sally Jewell of Washington. She was confirmed by the Senate on April 10, 2013. As a naturalized U.S. citizen born in the United Kingdom rather than a natural-born U.S. citizen, she is not eligible to succeed the President in the presidential line of succession."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secretary_of_Commerce> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Secretary of Commerce is the head of the United States Department of Commerce. The Secretary is appointed by the President of the United States with the advice and consent of the United States Senate and serves at the President's pleasure. A member of the President's Cabinet, the Secretary is concerned with promoting American businesses and industries; the Department states its mission to be \"to foster, promote, and develop the foreign and domestic commerce\".Until 1913 there was one Secretary of Commerce and Labor, uniting this department with the Department of Labor, which is now headed by a separate Secretary of Labor.The 38th Secretary of Commerce is Penny Pritzker, who was appointed by President Barack Obama on June 26, 2013."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secretary_of_Veterans_Affairs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs is the head of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, the department concerned with veterans' benefits, health care, and national veterans' memorials and cemeteries. The Secretary is a member of the Cabinet and second to last at Sixteenth in the line of succession to the presidency (the position was last until the addition of the United States Department of Homeland Security in 2006). To date, all appointees and acting appointees to the post have been United States military veterans, but that is not a requirement to fill the position.When the post of Secretary is vacant, the United States Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs or any other person designated by the President serves as Acting Secretary until the President nominates and the United States Senate confirms a new Secretary.On December 8, 2008, U.S. President Barack Obama announced he would nominate retired U.S. Army general, Eric Shinseki, to be the 7th Secretary of Veterans Affairs. He was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on January 20, 2009. General Shinseki resigned as Secretary of Veterans Affairs on May 30, 2014, making deputy secretary Sloan Gibson the acting secretary.  On June 29, 2014,  President Obama nominated former Procter & Gamble CEO Robert A. McDonald to serve as VA secretary. The United States Senate confirmed McDonald on July 29, 2014."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secretary_of_Transportation> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Secretary of Transportation is the head of the United States Department of Transportation, a member of the President's Cabinet, and thirteenth in the Presidential Line of Succession. The post was created with the formation of the Department of Transportation on October 15, 1966, by President Lyndon B. Johnson's signing of the Department of Transportation Act. The Department's mission is \"to develop and coordinate policies that will provide an efficient and economical national transportation system, with due regard for need, the environment, and the national defense.\" The Secretary of Transportation oversees eleven agencies, including the Federal Aviation Administration, the Federal Highway Administration, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.  In April 2008, Mary Peters launched the official blog of the Secretary of Transportation called The Fast Lane.The first Secretary of Transportation was Alan Stephenson Boyd, nominated to the post by Democratic President Lyndon B. Johnson. Ronald Reagan's second Secretary of Transportation, Elizabeth Dole, was the first female holder, and Mary Peters was the second. Gerald Ford's nominee William Thaddeus Coleman, Jr. was the first African American to serve as Transportation Secretary, and Federico Peña, serving under Bill Clinton, was the first Hispanic to hold the position, subsequently becoming Secretary of Energy. Japanese American Norman Mineta, who had previously been Secretary of Commerce, is the longest-serving Secretary, holding the post for over five and a half years, and Andrew Card is the shortest-serving Secretary, serving only eleven months. Neil Goldschmidt was the youngest secretary, taking office at age thirty-nine, while Norman Mineta was the oldest, retiring at age seventy-four. On January 23, 2009, the sixteenth secretary Ray LaHood took office, serving under the administration of Democrat Barack Obama; he had previously been a Republican Congressman from Illinois for fourteen years. The salary of the Secretary of Transportation is $199,700.Anthony Foxx, the Mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina was nominated by President Barack Obama on April 29, 2013, to succeed Ray LaHood. On June 27, 2013 the Senate confirmed his appointment by a vote of 100-0."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secretary_of_Energy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Secretary of Energy is the head of the U.S. Department of Energy, a member of the U.S. President's Cabinet, and Fourteenth in the presidential line of succession. The position was formed on October 1, 1977 with the creation of the Department of Energy when President Jimmy Carter signed the Department of Energy Organization Act. Originally the post focused on energy production and regulation. The emphasis soon shifted to developing technology for better, more efficient energy sources as well as energy education. After the end of the Cold War, the  department's attention also turned toward radioactive waste disposal and maintenance of environmental quality.Former Secretary of Defense James Schlesinger was the first Secretary of Energy, who was a Republican nominated to the post by Democratic President Jimmy Carter, the only time a president has appointed someone of another party to the post. Schlesinger is also the only secretary to be dismissed from the post. Hazel O'Leary, Bill Clinton's first Secretary of Energy, was first female and African-American holder. The first Hispanic to serve as Energy Secretary was Clinton's second, Federico Peña. Steven Chu became the first Asian American to hold the position on January 20, 2009, serving under the administration of Barack Obama. He is also the first and only Nobel Prize winner to be a Cabinet secretary and the longest-serving Secretary of Energy.On February 1, 2013, Chu announced his resignation, stating that he will continue to serve until after the ARPA-E Summit at the end of February and possibly until a new secretary is appointed. Following Chu's resignation, Ernest Moniz was nominated and confirmed as Secretary of Energy, taking office on May 16, 2013."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Poitier> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sir Sidney Poitier, KBE (/ˈpwɑːtjeɪ/ or /ˈpwɑːti.eɪ/; born February 20, 1927), is a Bahamian-American actor, film director, author and diplomat.In 1964, Poitier became the first black person to win an Academy Award for Best Actor, for his role in Lilies of the Field. The significance of this achievement was later bolstered in 1967 when he starred in three successful films, all of which dealt with issues involving race: To Sir, with Love; In the Heat of the Night; and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, making him the top box-office star of that year. In 1999, the American Film Institute named Poitier among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, ranking 22nd on the list of 25.Poitier has directed a number of popular movies, such as A Piece of the Action, Uptown Saturday Night, Let's Do It Again (with friend Bill Cosby), Stir Crazy (starring Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder) and Ghost Dad (also with Cosby). In 2002, thirty-eight years after receiving the Best Actor Award, Poitier was chosen by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to receive an Honorary Award, designated \"To Sidney Poitier in recognition of his remarkable accomplishments as an artist and as a human being.\" Since 1997, he has been the Bahamian ambassador to Japan. On August 12, 2009, Sidney Poitier was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the United States of America's highest civilian honor, by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Spain> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Port of Spain, also written as Port-of-Spain, is the capital of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and the country's third-largest municipality, after Chaguanas and San Fernando.The city has a municipal population of 36,963 (2011 census), a metropolitan population of 128,026 (1990 unofficial estimate) and a transient daily population of 250,000. It is located on the Gulf of Paria, on the northwest coast of the island of Trinidad and is part of a larger conurbation stretching from Chaguaramas in the west to Arima in the east with an estimated population of 600,000.The city serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre and it has been the capital of the island since 1757. It is also an important financial services centre for the Caribbean and is home to two of the largest banks in the region.The city is also home to the largest container port on the island and is one of several shipping hubs of the Caribbean, exporting both agricultural products and manufactured goods. Bauxite from the Guyanas and iron ore from Venezuela are trans-shipped via facilities at Chaguaramas, about five miles (8.0 km) west of the city. The pre-lenten Carnival is the city's main annual cultural festival and tourist attraction.Today, Port of Spain is a leading city in the Caribbean region. Trinidad hosted the Fifth Summit of the Americas in 2009 whose guests included US President Barack Obama and US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Port of Spain also hosted the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in 2009 and hosted a Commonwealth Business Forum in 2011."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Bon_Jovi> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Francis Bongiovi, Jr. (born March 2, 1962), known as Jon Bon Jovi, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, philanthropist, and  actor, best known as the founder and frontman of rock band Bon Jovi, which was formed in 1983. During his career, he has released two solo albums and twelve studio albums with his band, which to date have sold over 130 million albums worldwide making them one of the world's best-selling music artists. In addition to his music career, Jon Bon Jovi started an acting career in the 1990s, starring roles in several movies include Moonlight and Valentino and U-571 and also made appearances on TV series including Sex and the City and Ally McBeal. As a songwriter, Jon Bon Jovi was inducted into Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2009. In 2012, Jon Bon Jovi ranked number fifty on the list of Billboard magazine's \"Power 100\", a ranking of \"The Most Powerful and Influential People In The Music Business\". In 1996, People magazine named him as one of the \"50 Most Beautiful People In The World\". In 2000, the same magazine named him as the \"Sexiest Rock Star\" and he was also placed at number thirteen on VH1's \"100 Sexiest Artists\".In addition, Jon Bon Jovi was the one of the founders and majority owners of the Arena Football League team Philadelphia Soul. He is the founder of The Jon Bon Jovi Soul Foundation which was founded in 2006 and exists to combat issues that force families and individuals into economic despair. He also campaigned for Al Gore in the 2000 Presidential election, John Kerry in the 2004 Presidential election, and Barack Obama in the 2008 Presidential election. In 2010, President Barack Obama named Jon Bon Jovi to the White House Council for Community Solutions. He was also awarded an honorary Doctorate of Humanities from Monmouth University in 2001."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meryl_Streep> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Meryl Streep (born Mary Louise Streep; June 22, 1949) is an American actress and producer. A three-time Academy Award winner, she is widely regarded as one of the greatest film actors of all time. Streep made her professional stage debut in The Playboy of Seville in 1971, and went on to receive a 1976 Tony Award nomination for Best Featured Actress in a Play for A Memory of Two Mondays/27 Wagons Full of Cotton. She made her screen debut in the 1977 television film The Deadliest Season, and made her film debut later that same year in Julia. In 1978, she won an Emmy Award for her role in the miniseries Holocaust, and received the first of her 19 Academy Award nominations for The Deer Hunter. She has more Academy Award nominations than any actor or actress in history, winning Best Supporting Actress for Kramer vs. Kramer (1979) and Best Actress for Sophie's Choice (1982) and The Iron Lady (2011).Streep is one of only six actors who have won three or more competitive Academy Awards for acting. Her other nominated roles include The French Lieutenant's Woman (1981), Silkwood (1983), Out of Africa (1985), A Cry in the Dark (1988), Postcards From the Edge (1990), The Bridges of Madison County (1995), Adaptation (2002), The Devil Wears Prada (2006), Doubt (2008), Julie & Julia (2009), August: Osage County (2013), and Into the Woods (2014). She returned to the stage for the first time in over 20 years in The Public Theater's 2002 revival of The Seagull,  won a second Emmy Award in 2004 for the HBO miniseries Angels in America (2003), and starred in the Public Theater's 2006 production of Mother Courage and Her Children.Streep has also received 29 Golden Globe nominations, winning eight, more nominations and more competitive (non-honorary) wins than any other actor (male or female) in history. Her work has also earned her two Screen Actors Guild Awards, a Cannes Film Festival award, five New York Film Critics Circle Awards, two BAFTA awards, two Australian Film Institute awards, five Grammy Award nominations, and five Drama Desk Award nominations, among several others. She was awarded the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2004 and the Kennedy Center Honor in 2011 for her contribution to American culture through performing arts. President Barack Obama awarded her the 2010 National Medal of Arts and in 2014 the Presidential Medal of Freedom.In 2003, the government of France made her a Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters."@en .corpus2.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Chavez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cesar Chavez (born César Estrada Chávez, locally: [ˈsesaɾ esˈtɾaða ˈtʃaβes]; March 31, 1927 – April 23, 1993) was an American farm worker, labor leader and civil rights activist, who, with Dolores Huerta, co-founded the National Farm Workers Association (later the United Farm Workers union, UFW).A Mexican American, Chavez became the best known Latino American civil rights activist, and was strongly promoted by the American labor movement, which was eager to enroll Hispanic members. His public-relations approach to unionism and aggressive but nonviolent tactics made the farm workers' struggle a moral cause with nationwide support. By the late 1970s, his tactics had forced growers to recognize the UFW as the bargaining agent for 50,000 field workers in California and Florida. However, by the mid-1980s membership in the UFW had dwindled to around 15,000.During his lifetime, Colegio Cesar Chavez was one of the few institutions named in his honor, but after his death he became a major historical icon for the Latino community, with many schools, streets, and parks being named after him. He has since become an icon for organized labor and leftist politics, symbolizing support for workers and for Hispanic empowerment based on grass roots organizing. He is also famous for popularizing the slogan \"Sí, se puede\" (Spanish for \"Yes, one can\" or, roughly, \"Yes, it can be done\"), which was adopted as the 2008 campaign slogan of Barack Obama. His supporters say his work led to numerous improvements for union laborers. Although the UFW faltered after a few years, after Chavez died in 1993 he became an iconic \"folk saint\" in the pantheon of Mexican Americans. His birthday, March 31, has become Cesar Chavez Day, a state holiday in California, Colorado, and Texas."@en .corpus20.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barak> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For the given name of 44th U.S. President, Barack Obama, see Barack. For the Pashtun tribe, see Barakzai.Barak (/ˈbɛəræk/ or /ˈbɛərək/; Hebrew: בָּרָק, Tiberian: Bārāq, \"black\", Greek: βαρακ), Al-Burāq (Arabic: البُراق‎ al-Burāq \"lightning\") the son of Abinoam from Kedesh in Naphtali, was a military commander in the Book of Judges in the Bible, who with Deborah the prophetess, defeated the Canaanite armies led by Sisera.The story of the defeat of the Canaanites under the prophetic leadership of Deborah and the military leadership of Barak, is related in prose (Judges chapter 4) and repeated in poetry (chapter 5, which is known as the Song of Deborah). Chapter 4 makes the chief enemy Jabin, king of Hazor (present Tell el-Qedah, about three miles southwest of Hula Basin), though a prominent part is played by his commander-in-chief, Sisera of Harosheth-ha-goiim (possibly Tell el-'Amr, approximately 12 miles (19 km) northwest of Megiddo).Deborah summoned Barak, the son of Abinoam, from his home at Kedesh in Naphtali, and ordered him, in the name of Yhwh, to take ten thousand men to Mount Tabor. He agrees to on condition that Deborah should go with him. Here he was attacked, as Deborah had expected, by Sisera, whose forces were put to flight, and the greater part of them slain, by Barak's army.In the battle at Mount Tabor, a cloudburst occurred, causing the river to flood, thus limiting the maneuverability of the Canaanite chariots. Sisera fled, seeking refuge in the tent of a Kenite woman, Jael. Jael gave a drink of milk to Sisera, who fell asleep from weariness, then murdered him by pounding a tent peg through his head. When Barak came along, she let him see Sisera dead in her tent.\"Barcas,\" the surname of the famous Hamilcar, is the Punic equivalent."@en .corpus20.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chia_Pet> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chia Pets are American styled terracotta figurines used to sprout chia, where the chia sprouts grow within a couple of weeks to resemble the animal's fur or hair. Moistened seeds of chia (Salvia hispanica) are applied to the grooved terra cotta figurine body.Marketed by Joe Pedott and produced by San Francisco, California-based company Joseph Enterprises Inc., the first Chia Pet, Chia Guy was created on September 8, 1977. A trademark registration was filed on Monday, October 17, 1977. Pedott first learned about Chia Pets when he attended a housewares show in Chicago in 1977. Chia Pets achieved popularity in the 1980s following the 1982 release of a ram, the first widely marketed Chia Pet. The catchphrase sung in the TV commercial as the plant grows in time lapse is \"Ch-ch-ch-chia!\". This catchphrase originated at an agency brainstorming meeting, where one of the individuals present pretended to stutter the product name. As of 2007, approximately 500,000 Chia Pets were sold annually, and they are sold only during the holiday season. Originally made in Mexico, Chia Pets are now produced in China.A range of generic animals has been produced, including a turtle, pig, puppy, kitten, frog, and hippopotamus. Cartoon characters have also been licensed, including Garfield, Scooby-Doo, Looney Tunes, Shrek, The Simpsons, and SpongeBob. Additionally, there are Chia Pets depicting presidents, including Barack Obama."@en .corpus20.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Terry> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Randall Almira Terry (born 1959) is an American pro-life activist. Terry founded the pro-life organization Operation Rescue. The group became particularly prominent beginning in 1987 for blockading the entrances to abortion clinics; Terry led the group until 1991. He has been arrested more than 40 times, most recently for violating a no-trespass order from the  University of Notre Dame in order to protest a visit by President Barack Obama. Terry has long been known for provocative and controversial statements, including that abortion is murder and should be made a capital crime.In 2003, Randall Terry founded the Society for Truth and Justice and conducted a program called Operation Witness. In 1998, he ran for Congress in upstate New York, and in 2006 for a seat in the Florida State Senate, both times losing in the Republican primary."@en .corpus20.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_C-32> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Boeing C-32 is a military passenger transportation version of the Boeing 757 for the United States Air Force. The C-32 provides transportation for United States leaders to locations around the world. The primary users are the Vice President of the United States, using the distinctive call sign \"Air Force Two\", the First Lady and the Secretary of State. On rare occasions, other members of the U.S. Cabinet and Congressional leaders have been authorized to fly aboard the C-32 for various missions. Presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton have at times flown on a C-32 as Air Force One in place of the larger VC-25A."@en .corpus20.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vast_right-wing_conspiracy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Vast right-wing conspiracy\" is a conspiracy theory referenced by then First Lady of the United States Hillary Rodham Clinton in 1998 in defense of her husband, President Bill Clinton, characterizing the continued allegations of scandal against her and her husband, including the Lewinsky scandal, as part of a long campaign by Clinton's political enemies. The term has been used since, including in a question posed to Bill Clinton in 2009 to describe attacks on Barack Obama during his early presidency."@en .corpus20.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Iowa_Community_College> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Northeast Iowa Community College serves the Iowa counties of Allamakee, Chickasaw, Clayton, Fayette, Howard, Winneshiek, Dubuque, and Delaware counties. It also includes sections of Bremer, Buchanan, Jones, Jackson, and Mitchell counties. The college is commonly referred to as NICC. There are two main campuses - Calmar and Peosta. The Peosta campus is 15 miles west of Dubuque. NICC also has a satellite campus in downtown Dubuque.Originally, the school was known as Northeast Iowa Technical Institute (NITI). The school became a Community College in 1988, and was renamed NICC. The school is authorized by the Iowa Board of Education to award the Associate in Arts, Associate in Science, and Associate in Applied Science degrees as well as the GED. It offers programs in a number of vocational fields, as well as transfer programs for students wishing to continue their education at four-year institutions. The school had worked with the University of Dubuque to provide a transfer option for students looking to transfer to four-year programs. It recently obtained agreements with a number of four-year schools to guarantee that students will be able to transfer their credits. Additionally, the Peosta Campus houses the National Education Center for Agricultural Safety (NECAS), a nationally-accredited agricultural training center.As part of a three-day Midwestern bus tour, President Barack Obama traveled to the college with members of his cabinet to host the White House Rural Economic Forum on August 16, 2011."@en .corpus20.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Lander> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eric Steven Lander (born  February 3, 1957) is a Professor of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), former member of the Whitehead Institute, and  founding director of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard who has devoted his career to realizing the promise of the human genome for medicine. He is co-chair of U.S. President Barack Obama's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology."@en .corpus20.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jew_Watch> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jew Watch is an antisemitic website that promotes Holocaust denial, and makes many negative claims about Jews, which include allegations of a conspiracy that Jews control the media and banking industries, and accusations of Jewish involvement in terrorist groups. The site contains a large amount of propaganda, according to Sam Varghese of The Age, similar to that used in Nazi Germany. It is widely considered a hate site. Jew Watch has received support from Stormfront, a white nationalist and neo-Nazi site. The site describes itself as a \"not-for-profit library for private study, scholarship, or research [that keeps] a close watch on Jewish Communities and organizations worldwide\". The site's author has labelled thousands of notable people who do not identify as Jewish as being so, including Barack Obama, saying that he is \"[a] mix of several races, including his Jewish grandparents, [...] [he] has a Jewish mother, and this makes him literally a Jew by Jewish law. (Barack Obama's mother, Ann Dunham, was not Jewish at all, and was in fact very secular in her outlook.)The site received media attention in April 2004 when it emerged as the first result in a Google search for the word \"Jew\" and a petition was started to get the site removed from Google search results. A scandal in 2006 involved solicitations for donations to aid victims of Hurricane Katrina being redirected to Jew Watch."@en .corpus20.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_&_Dunn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brooks & Dunn is an American country music duo consisting of Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn, who were both vocalists and songwriters. The duo was founded in 1990 through the suggestion of Tim DuBois. Before the foundation, both members were solo recording artists. Brooks wrote number one singles for John Conlee, Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, and Highway 101; both he and Dunn also charted two solo singles apiece in the 1980s, with Brooks also releasing an album for Capitol Records in 1989.Signed to Arista Nashville in 1991, the duo has recorded ten studio albums, one Christmas album, and three compilation albums for the label. They also have released fifty singles, of which twenty went to number one on the Hot Country Songs charts and nineteen more reached top ten. Two of these number-one songs, \"My Maria\" (a cover of the B.W. Stevenson song) and \"Ain't Nothing 'Bout You\", were the top country songs of 1996 and 2001, respectively, according to the Billboard Year-End charts. The latter is also the duo's longest-lasting number one, at six weeks. Several of their songs have also reached the Billboard Hot 100, with the number 25 peaks of \"Ain't Nothing 'bout You\" and \"Red Dirt Road\" being their highest there. Brooks & Dunn also won the Country Music Association Vocal Duo of the Year award every year between 1992 and 2006, except for 2000. Two of their songs won the Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal: \"Hard Workin' Man\" in 1994 and \"My Maria\" in 1996. All but two of the duo's studio albums are certified platinum or higher by the Recording Industry Association of America; their highest-certified is their 1991 debut Brand New Man, which is certified sextuple-platinum for shipments of six million copies.The duo's material is known for containing influences of honky-tonk, mainstream country, and rock, as well as the contrast between Brooks' and Dunn's singing voices and on-stage personalities, although some of their music has also been criticized as formulaic. Their 1992 single \"Boot Scootin' Boogie\" helped re-popularize line dancing in the United States, and 2001's \"Only in America\" was used by both George W. Bush and Barack Obama in their respective presidential campaigns. Brooks & Dunn has collaborated with several artists, including Reba McEntire, Vince Gill, Sheryl Crow, Mac Powell, Billy Gibbons, and Jerry Jeff Walker among others.After announcing their retirement in August 2009, they performed their final concert on September 2, 2010 at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee. Both Brooks and Dunn have continued to record for Arista Nashville as solo artists. Dunn released a self-titled album in 2011, which included the Top 10 country hit \"Bleed Red\", while Brooks released New to This Town in September 2012. The duo reunited in 2015 for a series of concerts with McEntire in Las Vegas, Nevada."@en .corpus200.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_S._Snyder> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rebecca S. Snyder is an American appellate defense attorney in Washington DC.She is notable for her work, along with Lt. Cmdr. William Kuebler, as counsel for Omar Khadr, a detainee at Guantanamo Bay detention camp, charged with murder for the death of an American soldier during a skirmish in Afghanistan on July 27, 2002.Snyder was commissioned as a lieutenant in the United States Navy.  She served in the Judge Advocate General Corps.Snyder has worked in the field of securities exchange in her civilian practice at Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker.Snyder represented Omar Khadr as a civilian employee of the Department of Defense.As part of her efforts on Khadr's behalf Snyder appeared before the Human Rights subcommittee of the Parliament of Canada.The next day Snyder and Kuebler met with Stéphane Dion, leader of the Opposition.On February 4, 2008 Snyder argued that even if Khadr had killed an American soldier during the invasion of Afghanistan, it was not a war crime since killing soldiers was \"part of what war is about\".  However, the U.S. position that Khadr should be tried at the military tribunal as he operated without a uniform and quartered himself amongst civilians contra to the Laws of Land Warfare was summed up by Marine Corps Maj. Jeffrey Groharing, who said \"The accused and the terrorists he was working with did not belong to a legitimate army. They belonged to al-Qaeda,\":On January 13, 2009, Snyder was quoted predicting that charges against Khadr would be dropped, when Barack Obama became President.According to the National Post she said:"@en .corpus200.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Unitarian_Church_of_Honolulu> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The First Unitarian Church of Honolulu is the only Hawaii-based congregation within the Unitarian Universalist Association. It is located at 2500 Pali Highway in the Nu'uanu Valley.The congregation was founded in 1952 as a lay fellowship. The fellowship was unusual for its time because its leadership consisted of women (Rosemary Mattson as chairwoman and Ruth Iams as program director) and because it made efforts to engage in interfaith dialogue with Jewish and Buddhist congregations in Honolulu.In September 1969, the church made national headlines when it offered refuge to U.S. service members protesting the war in Vietnam. The service members were arrested by military police within the church grounds. The resulting action brought about an unsuccessful lawsuit filed by the church against the military - Bridges v. Davis, 443 F.2d 970 (9th Cir., 1971).  The private memorial service for Madelyn Dunham, grandmother of US President Barack Obama, was held there in December 2008. It is also where President Obama attended Sunday School during his youth.In April 8, 2012, the congregation went to two services to accommodate growth. A new mission statement was adopted on April 15, 2012 to \"boldly grow compassion, justice, and joy.\""@en .corpus200.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Deputy_Secretary_of_Energy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Deputy Secretary of Energy is a high-ranking position within the United States Department of Energy. The Deputy Secretary is the second-highest-ranking official of the Department and assists the Secretary of Energy in the supervision and direction of the Department. The Deputy Secretary succeeds the Secretary in his absence, sickness, or unavailability.The Deputy Secretary is appointed by the President with the consent of the Senate to serve at the request of the President. The current Deputy Secretary is Elizabeth Sherwood-Randall, who was appointed by President of the United States Barack Obama on July 8, 2014 and was confirmed by the Senate on September 18, 2014."@en .corpus200.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scholastic_News_Kids_Press_Corps> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Scholastic News Kids Press Corps is an American news organization for kids. The organization is made up of approximately 50 kid reporters around the United States who report on breaking news and current events. It was founded during the 2000 Presidential Election by Suzanne Freeman. During its inaugural year, kid reporters interviewed candidates and covered the entire election up until the inauguration, bringing the news of the campaign trail to other children around the U.S. Since then, its kid reporters have interviewed President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, former Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton, Vice President Joe Biden, Tom Cruise, Will Smith, the Jonas Brothers, boy band One Direction, and many other people."@en .corpus200.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electoral_history_of_John_Edwards> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Electoral history of John Edwards, United States Senator from North Carolina (1999-2005), 2004 Democratic Vice Presidential nominee and candidate for Presidential nomination in 2004 and 2008Democratic Primary for the United States Senate from North Carolina, 1998: John Edwards - 277,468 (51.38%) David G. Martin - 149,049 (27.60%) Ella Butler Scarborough - 55,486 (10.28%) Bob Ayers - 22,477 (4.16%) Mike Robinson - 20,178 (3.74%) James Everette Carmack - 8,200 (1.52%) Gene Gay - 7,173 (1.33%)North Carolina United States Senate election, 1998: John Edwards (D) - 1,029,237 (51.15%) Lauch Faircloth (R) (inc.) - 945,943 (47.01%) Barbara Howe (LBT) - 36,963 (1.84%)Minnesota Independence Party presidential caucus, 2004: John Edwards - 335 (41.10%) John Kerry - 149 (18.28%) George W. Bush (inc.) - 94 (11.53%) Ralph Nader - 78 (9.57%) None of the above - 66 (8.10%) Dennis Kucinich - 40 (4.91%) Lorna Salzman - 9 (1.10%) John McCain - 9 (1.10%) Al Sharpton - 5 (0.61%) David Cobb - 4 (0.49%) Wesley Clark - 4 (0.49%) Joe Lieberman - 4 (0.49%) Howard Dean - 3 (0.37%) Jesse Ventura - 3 (0.37%) Gary P. Nolan - 2 (0.25%) Timothy J. Penny - 2 (0.25%) Kent P. Mesplay - 1 (0.12%) John B. Anderson - 1 (0.12%) Charles W. Barkley - 1 (0.12%) Dean M. Barkley - 1 (0.12%) Bill Bradley - 1 (0.12%) Rudy Giuliani - 1 (0.12%) Mickey Mouse - 1 (0.12%) Theodore Roosevelt - 1 (0.12%)   2004 Democratic presidential primaries: John Kerry - 9,930,497 (60.98%) John Edwards - 3,162,337 (19.42%) Howard Dean - 903,460 (5.55%) Dennis Kucinich - 620,242 (3.81%) Wesley Clark - 547,369 (3.36%) Al Sharpton - 380,865 (2.34%) Joe Lieberman - 280,940 (1.73%) Uncommitted - 157,953 (0.97%) Lyndon LaRouche - 103,731 (0.64%) Carol Moseley Braun - 98,469 (0.61%) Dick Gephardt - 63,902 (0.39%) Scattering - 12,525 (0.08%)2004 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally): John Edwards - chosen by acclamationUnited States presidential election, 2004: George W. Bush/Dick Cheney (R) (inc.) - 62,040,610 (50.73%) and 286 electoral votes (31 states carried) John Kerry/John Edwards (D) - 59,028,444 (48.27%) and 251 electoral votes (19 states and D.C. carried) John Edwards (D) - 1 electoral vote (Minnesota faithless elector) Ralph Nader/Peter Camejo (I) - 465,650 (0.38%) Michael Badnarik/Richard Campagna (Libertarian) - 397,265 (0.32%) Michael Peroutka/Chuck Baldwin (Constitution) - 143,630 (0.12%) David Cobb/Pat LaMarche (Green) - 119,859 (0.096%)2008 New Hampshire Democratic Vice Presidential primary:(* - write-in candidate) Raymond Stebbins - 50,485 (46.93%) William Bryk - 22,965 (21.35%) John Edwards* - 10,553 (9.81%) Barack Obama*  6,402 (5.95%) Bill Richardson* (write-in) - 5,525 (5.14%) Hillary Rodham Clinton* (write-in) - 3,419 (3.18%) Joe Biden* - 1,512 (1.41%) Al Gore* - 966 (0.90%) Dennis Kucinich* - 762 (0.71%) Bill Clinton* - 388 (0.36%)   John McCain* - 293 (0.27%) Christopher Dodd* - 224 (0.21%) Ron Paul* - 176 (0.16%) Jack Barnes, Jr.* - 95 (0.09%) Mike Gravel* - 91 (0.09%) Joe Lieberman* - 67 (0.06%) Mitt Romney* - 66 (0.06%) Mike Huckabee* - 63 (0.06%) Rudy Giuliani* - 46 (0.04%) Darrel Hunter* - 20 (0.02%) 2008 Democratic presidential primaries and caucuses:Results as of May 2008; information would change until end of the primaries seasonResults presented excluded penalized contests(* - dropped out from race) Barack Obama - 16,706,857 Hillary Rodham Clinton - 16,239,821 John Edwards* - 742,010 Bill Richardson* - 89,054 Uncommitted - 82,660 Dennis Kucinich* - 68,482 Joe Biden* - 64,041 Mike Gravel* - 27,662 Christopher Dodd* - 25,300 Others - 22,556↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus200.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Cafiso> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Francesco Cafiso (born in Vittoria, Sicily on May 24, 1989) is an Italian jazz musician who plays alto saxophone. He began playing at age nine and premiered in 2001. In 2003 he toured Europe with Wynton Marsalis. In 2005, at age sixteen, he won Italy's version of the Golden Django. He has recently received a diploma for flute.On 19 January 2009 he played in Washington DC during the festivities in honor of President Barack Obama and Martin Luther King Jr. day."@en .corpus200.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The family of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States of America, is made up of people of African-American, English, Kenyan (Luo), and Irish heritage, who are known through Obama's writings and other reports. His immediate family is the First Family of the United States. The Obamas are the first First Family of African descent."@en .corpus200.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electoral_history_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama, 44th President of the United States (2009–present); United States Senator from Illinois (2005–2008)."@en .corpus201.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics_of_Colorado> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Colorado has elected 17 Democrats and 12 Republicans to the governorship in the last 100 years. Incumbent Governor John Hickenlooper, who was elected in 2010, is a Democrat, and his predecessor, Governor Bill Ritter, who won election in 2006 is also a Democrat, though his predecessor Bill Owens is a Republican.The state's electoral votes went to Democrat Bill Clinton in 1992, Republican Bob Dole in 1996, Republican George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, and Democrat Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012.The people of the state of Colorado are additionally represented in the federal government of the United States by two United States Senators and seven Congressional Representatives. Of Colorado's seven members of the United States House of Representatives, four are Republicans and three are Democrats following the 2010 election. The Senators were Mark Emery Udall (D) and Michael Farrand Bennet (D). The Representatives were Diana Louise DeGette (D), Jared Schutz Polis (D), Scott Tipton (R), Cory Gardner (R), Douglas L. \"Doug\" Lamborn (R), Michael \"Mike\" Coffman (R), and Edwin George \"Ed\" Perlmutter (D).Until the election of Barack Obama, the people of Colorado had voted Republican in every U.S. Presidential Election since 1964, with the exception of 1992 when a  plurality voted for Bill Clinton, (possibly due to the effect of Ross Perot's candidacy.) Conversely, Colorado has held a Democratic governor for 22 of the past 30 years. Colorado has a history of voter initiatives which severely restrict the power of state government.  Some of these initiatives include Term Limits on legislators (1990), Taxpayer Bill of Rights (TABOR) (1992), and Amendment 23, passed in 2000, which set a fixed percentage of the budget for K-12 education.  Voters passed Referendum C in 2005, amending some restrictions of TABOR and Amendment 23.Colorado supported George W. Bush in both 2000 and 2004, by a majority approaching 60%.  Republicans have generally held control of state-wide offices and the state legislature since the 1960s. In 2004, while Bush won the state's electors, Democrat, Ken Salazar won a U.S. Senate seat and his brother John Salazar won a seat in the U.S. House, while the Democrats captured both chambers of the state legislature.  Most recently, in 2006, Democrat Bill Ritter won the governorship by a 16-point margin while the Democrats expanded their majorities in both chambers of the state legislature and Democrat Ed Perlmutter captured another U.S. House seat. In 2010, however, Republicans made big gains in the state. They won the statewide races of Attorney General, Secretary of State and Treasurer. Republicans also defeated two incumbent Democratic House members to hold a 4-3 majority in the state's House delegation. Furthermore, Republicans took control of the Colorado House of Representatives. This occurred even as Democrat John Hickenlooper won the governorship, albeit over weak and divided opposition, and Democratic Senator Michael Bennet was re-elected. Also as a result of the 2010 gubernatorial election the Constitution Party gained major party status as it passed the 10% popular vote threshold, putting it in an equal legal position with the Democratic and Republican parties in terms of rights under state election law. However, the Democrats regained the Colorado House by a large margin during the 2012 election.Colorado was a battleground state in the 2008 U.S. Presidential Election between Senator John McCain and Senator Barack Obama. Obama won Colorado, by a margin of 8%, with 53% of the vote to McCain's 45%."@en .corpus201.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_School_Scrabble_Championship> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National School Scrabble Championship is a Scrabble tournament for 4th-8th graders held annually in  North America since 2003. In 2012, 4th graders were allowed to compete for the first time ever. The School Scrabble Championship uses the OSPD4 dictionary which has offensive words such as \"lez\" or \"jew\" omitted. The competition is tournament Scrabble play, in which teams of two play for 25 minutes with digital timers similar to those used in the board game of chess. The time limit was originally 22 minutes for each side until 2012 when the switch was made to coincide with the traditional times of the Adult Nationals. The team with the most wins is determined the winner. If there are multiple teams with the same number of wins, spread is used to break the tie. Matthew Silver of Connecticut became the first competitor to win two consecutive National School Scrabble Championship titles in 2007 and 2008. He accumulated a 14-0 record in those two years. In 2009, for the first time ever, the event was won by a team of 5th graders, Andy Hoang & Erik Salgado of Salem Elementary in North Carolina. They were the last team to finish the tournament with an undefeated record (7-0). Since then, the champion has finished either 6-1 (2010) or 7-1 (2011, 2012, 2013). In 2010, and some prior years, the winners were invited to be on Good Morning America and Jimmy Kimmel Live!. The event has also received recognition from president Barack Obama and NBA superstar Shaquille O'Neal, who are advocates for the game themselves. In 2012, Andy Hoang & Erik Salgado of North Carolina became the first team to win two NSSC titles, their first as 5th graders in 2009, and their second as 8th graders in 2012. The 2013 NSSC was held in Washington D.C. 2013 marked the first time since 2009 that a previous champion will not be competing. In 2010, 2011, and 2012, Andy Hoang, Erik Salgado, Bradley Robbins, and Evan McCarthy were champions that returned. Only Andy Hoang and Erik Salgado were the only ones to repeat during the streak. With Kevin Bowerman and Raymond Gao's win in 2013, North Carolina became the first state to hold 3 National titles (Winning 3 of the last 5 tournaments: 2009, 2012, & 2013), the most of all the states or districts in North America.In 2014, champion Thomas Draper became the first three-time finalist. The 2014 was the first tournament to return to Providence since 2009."@en .corpus201.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electoral_history_of_Ralph_Nader> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Electoral history of Ralph Nader, an American attorney, author, lecturer, political activist, and candidate for President of the United States in four elections.1972 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally): Thomas Eagleton - 1,742 (59.07%) Frances Farenthold - 405 (13.73%) Mike Gravel - 226 (7.66%) Endicott Peabody - 108 (3.66%) Clay Smothers - 74 (2.51%) Birch Bayh - 62 (2.10%) Peter Rodino - 57 (1.93%) Jimmy Carter - 30 (1.02%) Shirley Chisholm - 20 (0.68%) Moon Landrieu - 19 (0.64%) Edward T. Breathitt - 18 (0.61%) Ted Kennedy - 15 (0.51%) Fred R. Harris - 14 (0.48%) Richard G. Hatcher - 11 (0.37%) Harold E. Hughes - 10 (0.34%) Joseph M. Montoya - 9 (0.31%) William L. Guy - 8 (0.27%) Adlai Stevenson III - 8 (0.27%) Robert Bergland - 5 (0.17%) Hodding Carter - 5 (0.17%) Cesar Chavez - 5 (0.17%) Wilbur Mills - 5 (0.17%) Wendell Anderson - 4 (0.14%) Stanley Arnold - 4 (0.14%) Ron Dellums - 4 (0.14%) John J. Houlihan - 4 (0.14%) Roberto A. Mondragon - 4 (0.14%) Reubin O'Donovan Askew - 3 (0.10%) Herman Badillo - 3 (0.10%) Eugene McCarthy - 3 (0.10%) Claiborne Pell - 3 (0.10%) Terry Sanford - 3 (0.10%) Ramsey Clark - 2 (0.07%) Richard J. Daley - 2 (0.07%) John DeCarlo - 2 (0.07%) Ernest Gruening - 2 (0.07%) Roger Mudd - 2 (0.07%) Edmund Muskie - 2 (0.07%) Claude Pepper - 2 (0.07%) Abraham Ribicoff - 2 (0.07%) Pat Taylor - 2 (0.07%) Leonard F. Wodcoock - 2 (0.07%) Bruno Agnoli - 2 (0.07%) Ernest Albright - 1 (0.03%) William A. Barrett - 1 (0.03%) Daniel Berrigan - 1 (0.03%) Phillip Berrigan - 1 (0.03%) Julian Bond - 1 (0.03%) Hargrove Bowles - 1 (0.03%) Archibald Burton - 1 (0.03%) Phillip Burton - 1 (0.03%) William Chappell - 1 (0.03%) Lawton Chiles - 1 (0.03%) Frank Church - 1 (0.03%) Robert Drinan - 1 (0.03%) Nick Galifianakis - 1 (0.03%) John Goodrich - 1 (0.03%) Michael Griffin - 1 (0.03%) Martha Griffiths - 1 (0.03%) Charles Hamilton - 1 (0.03%) Patricia Harris - 1 (0.03%) Jim Hunt - 1 (0.03%) Daniel Inouye - 1 (0.03%) Henry M. Jackson - 1 (0.03%) Robery Kariss - 1 (0.03%) Allard K. Lowenstein - 1 (0.03%) Mao Zedong - 1 (0.03%) Eleanor McGovern - 1 (0.03%) Martha Mitchell - 1 (0.03%) Ralph Nader - 1 (0.03%) George Norcross - 1 (0.03%) Jerry Rubin - 1 (0.03%) Fred Seaman - 1 (0.03%) Joe Smith - 1 (0.03%) Benjamin Spock - 1 (0.03%) Patrick Tavolacci - 1 (0.03%) George Wallace - 1 (0.03%)1992 Republican New Hampshire primary: George H. W. Bush (inc.) - 92,274 (53.20%) Pat Buchanan - 65,109 (37.54%) Paul Tsongas* - 3,676 (2.12%) Ralph Nader* - 3,258 (1.88%)(*) - write-in candidateListed only those who won over 1% of votes1992 Democratic New Hampshire Vice Presidential primary: Endicott Peabody - 34,533 (59.68%) Susan K.Y. Shargal - 1,097 (1.90%) Ralph Nader* - 1,097 (1.90%) Mario Cuomo* - 739 (1.28%) Paul Tsongas* - 649 (1.12%) Bob Kerrey* - 502 (0.87%)(*) - write-in candidate1996 Peace and Freedom Party California Presidential primary: Monica Moorehead - 2,153 (33.91%) Jan B. Tucker - 1,512 (23.81%) Gerald Horne - 1,430 (22.52%) Mary Cal Hollis - 1,068 (16.82%) Ralph Nader - 187 (2.95%)1996 Reform Party Presidential primaries: Ralph Nader - 575 (70.90%) Ross Perot - 57 (7.03%) Diane Beall Templin - 42 (5.18%) Bill Clinton (inc.) - 32 (3.95%) Others - 105 (12.95%)1996 Libertarian Party Presidential primaries: Harry Browne - 9,890 (51.40%) Rick Tompkins - 3,551 (18.45%) Irvin Shiff - 3,239 (16.83%) Douglass J. Ohmen - 1,517 (7.88%) No preference - 237 (1.23%) Pat Buchanan* - 176 (0.92%) Ralph Nader* - 127 (0.66%) Steve Forbes* - 103 (0.54%) Lamar Alexander* - 82 (0.43%) Bob Dole* - 67 (0.35%) Bill Clinton (inc.) - 65 (0.34%) Colin Powell* - 43 (0.22%) Alan Keyes* - 27 (0.14%) Morry Taylor* - 19 (0.10%) Richard Lugar* - 13 (0.07%) Jack Kemp* - 8 (0.04%) Al Gore* - 4 (0.02%) Ross Perot* - 2 (0.01%) Carmen C. Chimento* - 1 (0.01%) Phil Gramm* - 1 (0.01%) Carolina P. Killeen* - 1 (0.01%)1996 Green Party Presidential primaries: Ralph Nader - 23,625 (97.91%) Mary Cal Hollis - 395 (1.64%) Uncommitted - 110 (0.46%)1996 Green Party National Convention (Presidential tally): Ralph Nader - unopposedUnited States presidential election, 1996 Bill Clinton/Al Gore (D) (inc.) - 47,400,125 (49.3%) and 379 electoral votes (31 states and D.C. carried) Bob Dole/Jack Kemp (R) - 39,198,755 (40.7%) and 159 electoral votes (19 states carried) Ross Perot/Pat Choate (Reform) - 8,085,402 (8.4%) Ralph Nader (Green) - 685,297 (0.7%) Harry Browne/Jo Jorgensen (Libertarian) - 485,798 (0.5%) Howard Phillips/Herb Titus (Taxpayers) - 184,820 (0.1%) John Hagelin/Michael Tompkins (Natural Law) - 113,670 (0.1%) Others - 121,534 (0.01%)2000 California Presidential primary for independent voters: John McCain (R) - 791,864 (38.03%) Al Gore (G) - 454,629 (21.84%) George W. Bush (R) - 443,304 (21.29%) Bill Bradley (D) - 159,772 (7.67%) Ralph Nader (G) - 89,210 (4.29%) Alan Keyes (R) - 57,695 (2.77%) Donald Trump (Ref.) - 14,597 (0.70%) Harry Browne (LBT) - 11,973 (0.58%) George D. Weber (Ref.) - 9,173 (0.44%) Steve Forbes (R) - 6,035 (0.29%) Howard Phillips (American Independent) - 5,957 (0.29%) John Hagelin (Natural Law) - 4,843 (0.23%) Joel Kovel (G) - 4,646 (0.22%) Robert M. Bowman (Ref.) - 4,587 (0.22%)2000 Green Party Presidential primaries: Ralph Nader - 24,638 (91.08%) Joel Kovel - 2,147 (7.94%) Eric Boucher - 178 (0.66%) Stephen Gaskin - 67 (0.25%) Uncommitted - 21 (0.08%)2000 Green Party National Convention (Presidential tally): Ralph Nader - 295 (92.48%) Eric Boucher - 10 (3.14%) Stephen Gaskin - 10 (3.14%) Joel Kovel - 3 (0.94%) None of the above - 1 (0.31%)2000 Independence Party of New York Presidential Convention: John Hagelin - 380,269 (90.00%) Ralph Nader - 30,854 (7.30%) Pat Buchanan - 5,704 (1.35%) Donald Trump - 5,704 (1.35%)United States presidential election, 2000: George W. Bush/Dick Cheney (R) - 50,460,110 (47.9%) and 271 electoral votes (30 states carried) Al Gore/Joe Lieberman (D) - 51,003,926 (48.4%) and 266 electoral votes (20 states and D.C. carried) Abstaining - 1 electoral vote (D.C. faithless elector) Ralph Nader/Winona LaDuke (Green) - 2,883,105 (2.7%) Pat Buchanan/Ezola B. Foster (Reform) - 449,225 (0.4%) Harry Browne/Art Olivier (Libertarian) - 384,516 (0.4%) Howard Phillips/Curtis Frazier (Taxpayers) - 98,022 (0.1%) John Hagelin/Nat Goldhaber (Natural Law) - 83,702 (0.1%)Minnesota Independence Party presidential caucus, 2004: John Edwards - 335 (41.10%) John Kerry - 149 (18.28%) George W. Bush (inc.) - 94 (11.53%) Ralph Nader - 78 (9.57%) None of the above - 66 (8.10%) Dennis Kucinich - 40 (4.91%) Lorna Salzman - 9 (1.10%) John McCain - 9 (1.10%) Al Sharpton - 5 (0.61%) David Cobb - 4 (0.49%) Wesley Clark - 4 (0.49%) Joe Lieberman - 4 (0.49%) Howard Dean - 3 (0.37%) Jesse Ventura - 3 (0.37%) Gary P. Nolan - 2 (0.25%) Timothy J. Penny - 2 (0.25%) Kent P. Mesplay - 1 (0.12%) John B. Anderson - 1 (0.12%) Charles W. Barkley - 1 (0.12%) Dean M. Barkley - 1 (0.12%) Bill Bradley - 1 (0.12%) Rudy Giuliani - 1 (0.12%) Mickey Mouse - 1 (0.12%) Theodore Roosevelt - 1 (0.12%)2004 Reform Party National Convention (Presidential tally): 'Ralph Nader - 28 (62.22%) Michael Peroutka - 6 (13.33%) Richard Green - 4 (8.89%) John Buchanan - 3 (6.67%) Others - 4 (8.89%)2004 Green Party National Convention (Presidential tally): David Cobb - 408 (36.20%) No nominee - 308 (27.33%) Peter Camejo - 119 (10.56%) Ralph Nader - 118 (10.47%) Kent P. Mesplay - 43 (3.82%) Lorna Salzman - 40 (3.55%) None of the above - 36 (3.19%) JoAnne Bier Beeman - 14 (1.24%) Carol A. Miller - 10 (0.89%) Dennis Kucinich - 9 (0.80%) Uncommitted - 7 (0.62%) Paul Glover - 6 (0.53%) Abstaining - 3 (0.27%) Jonathan Farley - 3 (0.27%) Sheila Bilyeu - 2 (0.18%) Eugene Victor Debs - 1 (0.09%)2004 Peace and Freedom Party National Convention (Presidential tally)': Leonard Peltier - 17 (53.13%) Ralph Nader - 8 (25.00%) Walt Brown - 7 (21.88%)2004 Independence Party of New York Convention: Ralph Nader - 623,931 (95.40%) John Kerry - 26,161 (4.00%) George W. Bush (inc.) - 2,616 (0.40%) David Cobb - 1,308 (0.20%)United States presidential election, 2004: George W. Bush/Dick Cheney (R) (inc.) - 62,040,610 (50.73%) and 286 electoral votes (31 states carried) John Kerry/John Edwards (D) - 59,028,444 (48.27%) and 251 electoral votes (19 states and D.C. carried) John Edwards (D) - 1 electoral vote (Minnesota faithless elector) Ralph Nader/Peter Camejo (I) - 465,650 (0.38%) Michael Badnarik/Richard Campagna (Libertarian) - 397,265 (0.32%) Michael Peroutka/Chuck Baldwin (Constitution) - 143,630 (0.12%) David Cobb/Pat LaMarche (Green) - 119,859 (0.096%)2008 California Peace and Freedom Party Presidential primary: Ralph Nader - 2,543 (40.00%) Cynthia McKinney - 1,353 (21.28%) Gloria E. La Riva - 1,335 (21.00%) Brian P. Moore - 346 (5.44%) John R. Crockford - 339 (5.33%) Stewart Alexander - 335 (5.27%) Stanley Martin Hetz - 107 (1.68%)2008 Green Party Presidential primaries: Ralph Nader - 21,146 (53.04%) Cynthia McKinney - 11,520 (28.90%) Elaine Brown - 1,540 (3.86%) Kent P. Mesplay - 1,227 (3.08%) Kat Swift - 1,182 (2.97%) Jared Ball - 981 (2.46%) Jesse Johnson - 633 (1.59%) Howie Hawkins - 498 (1.25%) Uncommitted - 440 (1.10%) Write-in - 419 (1.05%) No preference - 194 (0.49%) No candidate - 68 (0.17%) Undecided - 20 (0.05%) None of the above - 1 (0.00%)'2008 Vermont Liberty Union Party Presidential primary: Brian P. Moore - 178 (44.61%) Barack Obama* - 25 (6.27%) Hillary Rodham Clinton* - 15 (3.76%) Ralph Nader* - 5 (1.25%) Eugene Victor Debs* - 1 (0.25%) Patrick Leahy* - 1 (0.25%) John McCain* - 1 (0.25%) Richard Norton* - 1 (0.25%) Ron Paul* - 1 (0.25%) Morgan Phillips* - 1 (0.25%) Others - 170 (42.61%)2008 Connecticut for Lieberman Presidential caucus: Barack Obama - 19 (82.61%) Ralph Nader - 3 (13.04%) No nominee - 1 (4.35%)United States presidential election, 2008: Barack Obama/Joe Biden (D) - 69,498,516 (52.93%) and 365 electoral votes (28 states and D.C. carried) John McCain/Sarah Palin (R) - 59,948,323 (45.65%) and 173 electoral votes (22 states carried) Ralph Nader/Matt Gonzalez (I) - 739,034 (0.56%) Bob Barr/Wayne Allyn Root (Libertarian) - 523,715 (0.40%) Chuck Baldwin/Darrell Castle (Constitution) - 199,750 (0.15%) Cynthia McKinney/Rosa Clemente (Green) - 161,797 (0.12%)↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus201.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Baldwin_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Chuck Baldwin presidential campaign of 2008 began April 10, 2008 as pastor and radio host Chuck Baldwin of Florida announced his candidacy for the Constitution Party presidential nomination.  He previously served as the party's vice-presidential nominee in 2004. Baldwin's main opposition for the nomination was former ambassador Alan Keyes, who had just left the Republican Party. After a campaign touting his stands on civil liberties, foreign affairs, and religion, Baldwin won the nomination at the April 26 Constitution Party National Convention. Attorney Darrell Castle was selected as his running mate.During the general election, Baldwin expressed paleo-conservative positions on a number of issues including protectionism on trade, nonintervention in foreign affairs, religious practice in the public sphere, and nativism. He cast himself as a close ally of 2008 Republican presidential candidate, Representative Ron Paul, who ultimately endorsed Baldwin's campaign.With 199,314 votes, about 0.15% of the total, Baldwin finished fifth in the race, ahead of Green Party nominee Cynthia McKinney, but behind both independent Ralph Nader and Libertarian Bob Barr, as well as Republican nominee John McCain and the eventual winner, Democratic nominee Barack Obama"@en .corpus201.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama, then junior United States Senator from Illinois, announced his candidacy for the presidency of the United States in Springfield, Illinois, on February 10, 2007. On August 27, 2008, he was declared nominee of the Democratic Party for the 2008 presidential election. He was the first African American in history to be nominated on a major party ticket.On August 23, 2008, Barack Obama's campaign announced that Senator Joe Biden of Delaware would be the Vice Presidential nominee.On November 4, 2008, Obama won the election, making him the President-elect and the first African American elected President of the United States. He is the third sitting Senator, after Warren G. Harding and John F. Kennedy, to be elected President. His constitutional election to the office was completed with the meeting of the Electoral College on December 15, 2008, and the subsequent certification of the college's vote by the Joint Session of the United States Congress on January 8, 2009.  Based on the results of the electoral vote count, Barack Obama was declared the elected President of the United States and Joseph Biden was declared officially as the elected Vice President of the United States in the 2008 presidential election. The Headquarters of Obama's campaign was in his home town of Chicago, Illinois."@en .corpus201.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obscenity_Prosecution_Task_Force> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Obscenity Prosecution Task Force (OPTF) was an organization created in 2005 by the United States Department of Justice. The OPTF's job was to investigate and prosecute producers and distributors of hardcore pornography that meets the legal tests for obscenity, as defined by the Supreme Court of the United States. The group was led by U.S. Attorney Brent Ward.The task force was formed during the Presidency of George W. Bush to investigate hardcore pornography at the urging of social conservative groups. Notable cases were brought against Joseph R. Francis' Mantra Films, Inc. (Girls Gone Wild), as well as producers Ira Isaacs and Max Hardcore.Eric Holder, Barack Obama's appointee for United States Attorney General, shut down the task force in spring 2011, folding it into the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section."@en .corpus201.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electoral_history_of_Mike_Gravel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Electoral history of Mike Gravel, Speaker of the Alaska House of Representatives (1965–1966), United States Senator from Alaska (1969–1981), candidate for the 1972 Democratic Party Vice Presidential nomination and 2008 Democratic and later Libertarian Presidential nominationAlaska's At-large congressional district, 1966 (Democratic primary): Ralph Julian Rivers (inc.) – 17,042 (52.52%) Mike Gravel – 15,404 (47.48%)Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Alaska, 1968: Mike Gravel – 17,971 (52.88%) Ernest Gruening (inc.) – 16,015 (47.12%)Alaska United States Senate election, 1968: Mike Gravel (D) – 36,527 (45.13%) Elmer E. Rasmuson (R) – 30,286 (37.42%) Ernest Gruening (I) (inc.) (write-in) – 14,118 (17.44%)1972 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally): Thomas Eagleton – 1,742 (59.07%) Frances Farenthold – 405 (13.73%) Mike Gravel – 226 (7.66%) Endicott Peabody – 108 (3.66%) Clay Smothers – 74 (2.51%) Birch Bayh – 62 (2.10%) Peter Rodino – 57 (1.93%) Jimmy Carter – 30 (1.02%) Shirley Chisholm – 20 (0.68%) Moon Landrieu – 19 (0.64%) Edward T. Breathitt – 18 (0.61%) Ted Kennedy – 15 (0.51%) Fred R. Harris – 14 (0.48%) Richard G. Hatcher – 11 (0.37%) Harold E. Hughes – 10 (0.34%) Joseph M. Montoya – 9 (0.31%) William L. Guy – 8 (0.27%) Adlai Stevenson III – 8 (0.27%) Robert Bergland – 5 (0.17%) Hodding Carter – 5 (0.17%)  Cesar Chavez – 5 (0.17%) Wilbur Mills – 5 (0.17%) Wendell Anderson – 4 (0.14%) Stanley Arnold – 4 (0.14%) Ron Dellums – 4 (0.14%) John J. Houlihan – 4 (0.14%) Roberto A. Mondragon – 4 (0.14%) Reubin O'Donovan Askew – 3 (0.10%) Herman Badillo – 3 (0.10%) Eugene McCarthy – 3 (0.10%) Claiborne Pell – 3 (0.10%) Terry Sanford – 3 (0.10%) Ramsey Clark – 2 (0.07%) Richard J. Daley – 2 (0.07%) John DeCarlo – 2 (0.07%) Ernest Gruening – 2 (0.07%) Roger Mudd – 2 (0.07%) Edmund Muskie – 2 (0.07%) Claude Pepper – 2 (0.07%) Abraham Ribicoff – 2 (0.07%) Pat Taylor – 2 (0.07%) Leonard Woodcock – 2 (0.07%) Bruno Agnoli – 2 (0.07%) Ernest Albright – 1 (0.03%) William A. Barrett – 1 (0.03%) Daniel Berrigan – 1 (0.03%) Phillip Berrigan – 1 (0.03%) Julian Bond – 1 (0.03%) Hargrove Bowles – 1 (0.03%) Archibald Burton – 1 (0.03%) Phillip Burton – 1 (0.03%) William Chappell – 1 (0.03%) Lawton Chiles – 1 (0.03%) Frank Church – 1 (0.03%) Robert Drinan – 1 (0.03%) Nick Galifianakis – 1 (0.03%) John Goodrich – 1 (0.03%) Michael Griffin – 1 (0.03%) Martha Griffiths – 1 (0.03%) Charles Hamilton – 1 (0.03%) Patricia Harris – 1 (0.03%) Jim Hunt – 1 (0.03%) Daniel Inouye – 1 (0.03%) Henry M. Jackson – 1 (0.03%) Robery Kariss – 1 (0.03%) Allard K. Lowenstein – 1 (0.03%) Mao Zedong – 1 (0.03%) Eleanor McGovern – 1 (0.03%) Martha Mitchell – 1 (0.03%) Ralph Nader – 1 (0.03%) George Norcross – 1 (0.03%) Jerry Rubin – 1 (0.03%) Fred Seaman – 1 (0.03%) Joe Smith – 1 (0.03%) Benjamin Spock – 1 (0.03%) Patrick Tavolacci – 1 (0.03%) George Wallace – 1 (0.03%)Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Alaska, 1974: Mike Gravel (inc.) – 22,834 (54.31%) Gene Guess – 15,090 (35.89%) Dick Greuel – 3,367 (8.01%) Donald W. Hobbs – 756 (1.80%)Alaska United States Senate election, 1974: Mike Gravel (D) (inc.) – 54,361 (58.28%) Clyde R. Lewis (R) – 38,914 (41.72%)Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Alaska, 1980: Clark Gruening – 39,719 (54.89%) Mike Gravel (inc.) – 31,504 (43.53%) Michael Beasley – 1,145 (1.58%)2008 New Hampshire Democratic Vice Presidential primary: Raymond Stebbins – 50,485 (46.93%) William Bryk – 22,965 (21.35%) John Edwards* – 10,553 (9.81%) Barack Obama*  6,402 (5.95%) Bill Richardson* (write-in) – 5,525 (5.14%) Hillary Rodham Clinton* (write-in) – 3,419 (3.18%) Joe Biden* – 1,512 (1.41%) Al Gore* – 966 (0.90%) Dennis Kucinich* – 762 (0.71%) Bill Clinton* – 388 (0.36%)   John McCain* – 293 (0.27%) Christopher Dodd* – 224 (0.21%) Ron Paul* – 176 (0.16%) Jack Barnes, Jr.* – 95 (0.09%) Mike Gravel* – 91 (0.09%) Joe Lieberman* – 67 (0.06%) Mitt Romney* – 66 (0.06%) Mike Huckabee* – 63 (0.06%) Rudy Giuliani* – 46 (0.04%) Darrel Hunter* – 20 (0.02%)2008 Democratic presidential primaries:Excluding Florida and Michigan, only primary and caucuses votes: Barack ObamaPN – 16,706,853 Hillary Rodham Clinton* – 16,239,821 John Edwards* – 742,010 Bill Richardson* – 89,054 Uncommitted – 82,660 Dennis Kucinich* – 68,482 Joe Biden* – 64,041 Mike Gravel* – 27,662 Christopher Dodd* – 25,300 Others – 22,556Including Florida and Michigan: Hillary Rodham Clinton* – 18,225,175 (48.03%) Barack ObamaPN – 17,988,182 (47.41%) (name removed from the Michigan ballot) John Edwards* – 1,006,275 (2.65%) Uncommitted – 299,610 (0.79%) Bill Richardson* – 106,073 (0.28%) Dennis Kucinich* – 103,994 (0.27%) Joe Biden* – 81,641 (0.22%) Scattering – 44,348 (0.12%) Mike Gravel* – 40,251 (0.11%) Christopher Dodd* – 35,281 (0.09%)(* – dropped out from race)(PN – presumptive nominee)2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries (selected):New Hampshire primary – 404 (0.14%)South Carolina primary – 241 (0.05%)Alaska caucuses – failed to achieve thresholdCalifornia primary – 8,184 (0.16%)Massachusetts primary – 1,463 (0.12%)Utah primary – 166 (0.13%)Maryland primary – 804 (0.09%) \tWisconsin primary – 517 (0.05%)Mississippi primary – 591 (0.17%)North Carolina primary – 12,448 (0.78%)2008 Libertarian National Convention (Presidential tally):First ballot: Bob Barr – 153 Mary Ruwart – 152 Wayne Allyn Root – 123 Mike Gravel – 71 George Phillies – 49 Steve Kubby – 41 Michael Jingozian – 23 Ron Paul – 6 Christine Smith – 6 Penn Jillette – 3 Daniel Imperato – 1 William Koehler – 1 None of the above – 2Second ballot: Bob Barr – 188 Mary Ruwart – 162 Wayne Allyn Root – 138 Mike Gravel – 71 George Phillies – 38 Steve Kubby – 32  Ron Paul – 3 Stephen Colbert – 1 Jesse Ventura – 1 None of the above – 1Third ballot: Bob Barr – 186 Mary Ruwart – 186 Wayne Allyn Root – 146 Mike Gravel – 71 George Phillies – 31 Ron Paul – 1 None of the above – 2Fourth ballot: Bob Barr – 202 Mary Ruwart – 202  Wayne Allyn Root – 149 Mike Gravel – 76 None of the above – 2↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_J._Stephenson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barbara J. Stephenson is the Deputy Chief of Mission at the US Embassy in London, and is acting as Charge d'Affaires following the departure of Ambassador Louis Susman. She is the former United States Ambassador to the Republic of Panama.  She was confirmed by the U.S. Senate and was appointed by President Barack Obama in the Summer of 2010.Stephenson is a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, and has previously served as Deputy Coordinator for Iraq at the U.S. Department of State. She received her Bachelors, Masters, and Ph.D. in English all from the University of Florida.In August 2009, Stephenson wrote in a diplomatic cable that Panamanian president Ricardo Martinelli had asked her for wiretaps on his political opponents, and she complained of his \"bullying style\" and \"autocratic tendencies\". A copy of the cable was released in December 2010 by WikiLeaks. Martinelli's administration stated after the leak that \"help in tapping the telephones of politicians was never requested\" and that Stephenson was \"mistaken\" in her interpretation."@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Lesser> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matt Lesser, American politician, member of the Democratic party. He is a current member of the Connecticut House of Representatives representing Connecticut's 100th district in the General Assembly.  The district is made up of Durham, Middlefield, Rockfall, and parts of Middletown.  Lesser was first elected in 2008 and re-elected in 2010.Lesser serves as House Vice Chairman of the Government Administration and Elections Committee. He also sits on the Education, Public Health and Energy and Technology Committees.Lesser has worked on behalf of Senators Chris Dodd and Barack Obama and the Democratic National Committee and interned at the Brookings Institution Center on Urban and Metropolitan Policy.On May 20, 2008, Matt Lesser, then a student at Wesleyan University, was selected to run as the second youngest candidate for State Representative at the Democratic 100th District Convention. Lesser received the endorsement of then Connecticut Secretary of State Susan Bysiewicz, who once held the 100th District State representative seat. Lesser also received support from State Senator Tom Gaffey and Middletown DTC Chairman Dan Russo. Lesser defeated 3-term incumbent Ray Kalinowski, a veteran, retired federal agent, former first selectman, and member of the state legislature for six years, who claimed \"The only way to get 10 years of experience is to work for 10 years.\""@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_bills_sponsored_by_Barack_Obama_in_the_United_States_Senate> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama sponsored 137 bills from 4 Jan 2005 until 16 November 2008. Two became law.  This figure does not include bills to which Obama contributed as cosponsor, such as the Coburn-Obama Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 or the Lugar-Nunn Cooperative Proliferation Detection, Interdiction Assistance, and Conventional Threat Reduction Act of 2006.  Nor does it include amendments to other bills, although in the Senate these are not required to be germane to the parent bill and can therefore effectively be bills in their own right.  During the same time period, Obama has co-sponsored 689 bills in total; 408 of which had secured his support by the day they were originally introduced in the Senate."@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Barack_Obama_presidential_campaign_endorsements_from_state,_local_and_territory_officials,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of state, local and territory officials who have formally endorsed or voiced support for Barack Obama as the Democratic Party's presidential nominee for the 2008 U.S. presidential election."@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Braden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carl Braden (June 24, 1914 - February 8, 1975) was born in New Albany, Indiana, and died in Louisville, Kentucky. He was a left-wing trade unionist and social justice activist.  He worked for the Louisville Herald-Post, Cincinnati Enquirer (1937–45), and Louisville Times. He also wrote for other news services including the Harlan Daily Enterprise, the Knoxville Journal, the New York Daily News, the Chicago Tribune, the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, Newsweek, and the Federated Press.In 1948, while working as a reporter in Kentucky, he met and married fellow journalist Anne Gambrell McCarty. The Bradens had three children: James, born in 1951, a 1972 Rhodes Scholar, and a 1980 graduate of Harvard Law School (where he preceded Barack Obama as editor of the Harvard Law Review), has lived and practiced law for over 25 years in San Francisco, California. Elizabeth, born in 1960, has worked as a teacher in many countries around the world, serving as of 2006 in that capacity in rural Ethiopia. Anita, born in 1953, died of a pulmonary disorder at the age of 11.While raising their children, Carl and his wife Anne Braden remained deeply involved in the civil rights cause and the subsequent social movements it prompted from the 1960s to the 1970s, because of this they were frequent targets for attacks from southern white supremacists."@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Young_Buffalo_Soldiers_National_Monument> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Colonel Charles Young house is a National Historic Landmark in Wilberforce, Ohio. A career U.S. Army officer, Charles Young was born into slavery in Kentucky in 1864. He was the third African American graduate of West Point, the first black U.S. national park superintendent, the first African American military attaché, and the highest ranking black officer in the United States Army until his death in 1922. He also taught military science at Wilberforce University.On March 25, 2013 under the Antiquities Act, President Barack Obama designated the house as the Charles Young Buffalo Soldiers National Monument, a unit of the National Park Service. To be operated as a house museum with exhibits as well about the Buffalo Soldiers, it is not yet open for public visitation."@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolo_Soetoro> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lolo Soetoro, also known as Lolo Soetoro Mangunharjo or Mangundikardjo (EYD: Lolo Sutoro) (Javanese: [ˈlɒlɒ suːˈtɒrɒː]; January 2, 1935 − March 2, 1987), was the Indonesian stepfather of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States."@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Sokolove> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James G. Sokolove (born October 4, 1944) is an American attorney known for advertising legal services on television. Though he was the largest legal advertiser in the United States in 2007, Sokolove's firm acts only as a lead generator and does not currently try cases.The son of a personal injury lawyer, Sokolove was raised in Revere, Massachusetts. He received a B.A. from Case Western Reserve University in 1966 and a juris doctor from Suffolk University Law School in 1969. He also received a certificate in 1990 from Harvard Business School.  When Sokolove's father was diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease, he took his father's place leading the family law firm. After several years, the law firm began to face mounting debts and split up. The failure led Sokolove to find a new way of gaining clients via television advertising. Sokolove's first ad, which featured a car crash filmed in slow motion, aired in 1982.His advertising tactics were initially criticized by prominent Boston lawyers but proved successful. Overwhelmed by an influx of clients, he began referring clients to affiliate law firms for a portion of the legal fees they earned. The strategy was profitable enough that he told the Boston Business Journal in 1999 that by franchising his law firm he would \"do for law what Staples did for office products.\"Sokolove's law office now consists of 80 employees and over 300 affiliate firms in the United States. Boston Business Journal ranked Sokolove one of \"Greater Boston’s 100 Most Influential Business People of the 20th Century\" and Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly ranked him one of the \"Most Influential Attorneys of the Past 25 Years.\" By 2011, his associates had surpassed $1 billion in fees from their operations in every U.S. state.He is known for the controversial style of his advertisements, which he describes as following a specific formula that boils down to \"Injured? Free money.\" Above the Law's Elie Mystal referred to him as an \"unabashed ambulance chaser.\"  Sokolove does not handle cases himself.  He virtually never goes inside a courtroom, and he lost the only case he ever argued in front of a jury.  Sokolove is a major supporter of the Democratic party, having donated over $250,000 in the past 10 years. During the 2008 presidential election he participated in door to door canvassing on behalf of Barack Obama."@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kovacic> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Evan Kovacic served as a Commissioner of the United States Federal Trade Commission from January 4, 2006 to October 3, 2011. President George W. Bush designated him to serve as FTC Chairman on March 30, 2008. President Barack Obama designated Jon Leibowitz as Chairman on March 2, 2009, replacing Kovacic. Kovacic replaced Deborah Platt Majoras."@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Love> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Reginald L. Love (born April 29, 1981) served as the special assistant and personal aide, commonly referred to as body man for taking care of the president's needs, to United States President Barack Obama.  Love left this position at the end of 2011, to complete his Master of Business Administration degree at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School."@en .corpus202.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Candidates-Your_Health> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Your Candidates–Your Health is an initiative launched by Research!America and partner organizations to inform voters of their presidential and congressional candidates’ views on health and research. The resource is a free, online voter education tool featuring candidates’ responses to questions about health and research.In 2006, all candidates for the United States House of Representatives and Senate were invited to respond to a 10-question survey on several health and research issues, including stem cell research, research funding and global competitiveness in innovation. Candidates' responses, along with the public’s view on the same questions, were posted on the Your Candidates–Your Health website and were available to educate voters’ decisions in the 2006 congressional elections.The initiative continued in 2007 with attention shifted to the 2008 United States presidential election.  Presidential candidates from both parties were asked 17 questions in a survey on health, research and other related issues. The questionnaire covered topics such as the American health care system and its costs; health care coverage; electronic health records; global health; stem cell research; global competitiveness in innovation; and funding for the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).The nonpartisan initiative was advertised in key primary states in early 2008. As part of its promotion, voters were asked to contact candidates and encourage them to respond to the survey. Presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama and Senator John McCain responded.The initiative is now collecting responses from the 2012 presidential and congressional candidates. As March 2012, responses from President Barack Obama and presidential candidate Newton Gingrich are available."@en .corpus203.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Silva_Puras> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jorge Silva Puras is the Distinguished Lecturer on Business and Entrepreneurship at Hostos Community College in the City University of New York (CUNY). He is also a Principal in the consulting firm Interaktiva.Previous to his current positions, he served as the Regional Administrator  at the United States Small Business Administration for Region II which includes New York, New Jersey, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands.  He was appointed to that position by President Barack Obama, and served the Administration from May 2010 until January of 2013, when he joined the Hostos faculty.Mr. Silva Puras has served in several senior government positions at the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, including Chief of Staff to former Governor of Puerto Rico Aníbal Acevedo Vilá. from June 2006 until December 2008.  Previous to his appointment as Chief of Staff, he served as Secretary of the Puerto Rico Department of Economic Development and Commerce, and as Executive Director of the Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company (PRIDCO).As Secretary of Economic Development, he served as Chairman of the Puerto Rico Tourism Company, the Puerto Rico Commerce & Trade Company, the Roosevelt Roads Redevelopment Authority, and the Puerto Rico Land Administration, among several others. He also served 4 years as a member of the Board of Directors of the Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico.As part of his responsibilities he led the efforts that resulted in the Governor's Economic Development Plan (EDP), announced in the Fall of 2006, which focused on 6 economic development strategies, including infrastructure investments via public private partnerships (PPPs).Previous to his Government positions he worked at The Procter & Gamble Company, Citigroup, and the San Juan law firm of O'Neill & Borges.Mr. Silva Puras is a 1988 graduate of Yale University, received a Juris Doctor with Honors from the University of Puerto Rico, and a MBA in International Management from the University of Texas at Austin and the Copenhagen Business School."@en .corpus203.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_awards_and_nominations_received_by_Robert_De_Niro> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This list includes awards and nominations of film and stage actor Robert De Niro There is information about his awards and nominations for films and also for awards for his stage work. There is a list of special awards received such as the Lifetime Achievement Award or Man of the Year.He won Oscars playing Vito Corleone in The Godfather Part II (1974) and Jake LaMotta in Raging Bull (1980). For his first Oscar win, De Niro was not present and Francis Ford Coppola accepted the award on his behalf. De Niro was nominated for several Golden Globe Awards as well.  In 2009, he was among the five recipients of the Kennedy Center Honors, presented by U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus203.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_United_Means_Action> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "PUMA (\"People United Means Action\") was a political action committee in the United States that opposed the Democratic Party leadership and the nomination of Sen. Barack Obama as the Democratic candidate for President in the 2008 presidential election.  PUMA began as an effort of supporters of Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton who believed that Clinton should have been the Democratic nominee. According to PUMA, \"We [were] protesting the 2008 Presidential election because we refuse to support a nominee who was selected by the leadership rather than elected by the voters.\" On May 11, 2011, the PUMA PAC was stripped of its status as a recognized Political Action Committee for failure to meet reporting requirements."@en .corpus203.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Reyes-Chow> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bruce Reyes-Chow (born May 3, 1969 in Stockton, California) is an American Teaching Elder (minister) of the Presbyterian Church (USA).Reyes-Chow was the Moderator of the 218th General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church. Reyes-Chow was elected as Moderator on June 21, 2008 from a field of four candidates. He received 48 percent of the vote on the first ballot and 55 percent of the vote on the second ballot. At the time, the youngest Moderator ever elected at 39 years old, upon his election those from the liberal parts of the church compared his election to that of the Barack Obama presidential campaign, saying, \"Like Obama, Reyes-Chow is young, incredibly smart, a gifted communicator, comfortable with new technologies, a facilitator who knows how to harness the wisdom of the larger group, and completely comfortable in a globalized, diverse, post-racial, post-gender, post-partisan interconnected world\", while some on the conservative church questioned, \"Has the General Assembly put the future of the Presbyterian Church (USA) at greater risk by electing Reyes-Chow as moderator for two years?\"  He ended his time as Moderator on July 3, 2010 when his successor, Elder Cynthia Bolbach was elected at the 219th General Assembly.Reyes-Chow received his BA in Asian American Studies, Sociology and Religion from San Francisco State University in 1990 and received his Masters of Divinity in 1995 from San Francisco Theological Seminary. He was the pastor of Covenant Presbyterian Church in San Francisco from 1995-1999 and from 2000-2011 he served as the founding pastor of Mission Bay Community Church in the SOMA District San Francisco, California and described as a new kind of start-up. In 2011 he was given an honorary Doctor of Divinity degree from Austin College and that same year was named the 2011 San Francisco Theological Seminary Distinguished Alumnus.Reyes-Chow is a blogger and has a large social networking presence.  He believes blogging is a spiritual practice and that technology is essential to a young church.  Leaders in the PC(USA) feel that he understands \"the way the world is changing, so he can help us feel less anxious and less resistant to change.”  He has been characterized as a radical centrist thinker in USA Today.In 2010 Reyes-Chow was named to the NUMMI Blue Ribbon Commission by CA State Treasurer, Bill Lockyer tasked with convincing the Toyota Motor Corporation not to close their manufacturing plant in Fremont, CA. Other commission members included Danny Glover, Bob Wasserman, Harley Shaiken, Victor Uno, Nina Moore and others.Reyes-Chow is currently coach and consultant with The Center for Progressive Renewal, a non-profit, Atlanta-based church development organization and is a blogger for the progressive Christians section for Patheos (2011–2014), the religion, parenting and technology sections of The Huffington Post (2011–present) and formerly for City Brights on SFGate (2009–2012), the online publication for the San Francisco Chronicle."@en .corpus204.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_S._Evans> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Karen S. Evans was the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government and Information Technology (IT) at the Office of Management and Budget. Evans retired after a long career in the government form this office on January 20, 2009. Evans served as the de facto chief information officer for the United States until the office was created by Barack Obama who appointed Vivek Kundra.Her other responsibilities are in \"capital planning and investment control, information security, privacy, accessibility of IT for persons with disabilities, and access to, dissemination of, and preservation of government information\".Evans served as chief information officer for the United States Department of Energy, and earlier as director of the Information Resources Management Division, Office of Justice Programs in the United States Department of Justice. She also worked with the National Park Service, the Office of Personnel Management, and the Farmers Home Administration. Evans holds a bachelor's in chemistry and an MBA degree, both from West Virginia University."@en .corpus204.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Martin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anthony Robert Martin-Trigona, usually known as Andy Martin (born 1945), is an American perennial candidate and vexatious litigantThe Nation, The Washington Post, and The New York Times identified him as the primary source of false rumors that then-presidential candidate Barack Obama was secretly a Muslim during the 2008 U.S. Presidential election. In a later interview with CNN, Martin explicitly abandoned this view and now asserts Obama's real father is not Barack Obama, Sr., but African American journalist Frank Marshall Davis.On October 17, 2008, Martin filed a lawsuit against the state of Hawaii calling for the public release of Barack Obama's birth certificate and other vital records.  To counter rumors that Obama is not a natural-born citizen of the United States, the Obama campaign previously posted an image of his short-form birth certificate online.  Martin's lawsuit sought a copy of Sen. Obama's long-form birth certificate. The Hawaii Supreme Court later denied Martin's request."@en .corpus204.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Kapaun> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Emil Joseph Kapaun (April 20, 1916 – May 23, 1951) was a Roman Catholic priest and United States Army chaplain who died as a prisoner of war in the Korean War. In 1993, the Pope declared him a Servant of God, the first stage on the path to Catholic sainthood. On April 11, 2013, President Barack Obama presented the Medal of Honor posthumously to Captain Chaplain Kapaun for his actions on November 1–2, 1950 in North Korea. He is the ninth American military chaplain Medal of Honor recipient."@en .corpus204.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Gunter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Vincent E. Gunter is an attorney from Missouri. A former enlisted Navy man and later an Army captain. He is a veteran of the Iraq War where he served in the Army JAG Corps. He is a recipient of the Bronze Star, and gave an introductory speech for Barack Obama in Independence, Missouri.Gunter earned his B.A. at University of Missouri-Kansas City and his Juris Doctor with Distinction from the University of Missouri-Kansas City School of Law. Prior to his career in the JAG Corps, Gunter clerked for Judge Richard E. Dorr of the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri."@en .corpus204.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannine_Haffner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeannine Haffner is a singer and songwriter who is credited with writing the song Yes We Can, which is a folk rock song inspired by Barack Obama's speech following his win in the North Carolina primary on May 6, 2008.The lyrics to this version of ‘Yes We Can’ are a rallying cry to all people to come together for the good of the country and the world. These lyrics can be found at www.thejsband.com (4). Oak Park newspaper, The Wednesday Journal (5), said,“she has written a political song, something in the style of a modern day Joan Baez…”. The song is a departure from already existing songs of the same name.Since its release on YouTube, the video has been slowly making its way around the world on the internet on AOLVideo(6), Facebook(7), My Space(8), and is currently being watched locally on the Chicago Tribune website ‘Chicago Live’ (9) and Fox News website ‘UReport’ (10). Miss Haffner recently released a follow-up video of the same song ‘Yes We Can’ (tube top version) on YouTube in order to get the song more attention. She is keeping her fans updated on the song’s progress at her blog called ‘Obama Blonde’ at www.mybarackobama.com. (11)Yes We CanSingle video by The J’s featuring Jeannine HaffnerRelease Date: May 26, 2008Format: Streaming VideoRecorded: Oak Park, Il May 26, 2008Genre: folk, rockLength: 2:58Writer: Jeannine HaffnerProducer: Jeannine HaffnerYes We Can (tube top version)Single video by Jeannine Haffner featuring Jeannine HaffnerRelease Date: June 23, 2008Format: Streaming VideoRecorded: Oak Park, Il May 26, 2008Genre: folk, rockLength: 2:16Writer: Jeannine HaffnerProducer: Jeannine HaffnerOther music by Jeannine HaffnerCD  Late Bloomer  available CDBaby.comSingles available at iTunes, CDconnection, aol.com, greatindie.com,                  bitmunk.com, amazon.com, payplay.fm The song and video were released on YouTube on May 26, 2008 by Haffner’s band, The J’s, featuring Jeannine Haffner on guitar and vocals."@en .corpus204.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate_change_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "There is an international interest in issues surrounding changes in climate in the United States and that nation's relationship to general global warming due to the high level of American greenhouse gas emissions per capita. The climate of the United States is often studied. In 2012, the United States experienced its warmest year on record. The thirteen warmest years for the entire planet have all occurred since 1998, transcending those from 1880.From 1950 to 2009, the American government's surface temperature record shows an increase by 1 °F (0.56 °C), approximately. Global warming has caused many changes in the U.S. According to a 2009 statement by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), trends include lake and river ice melting earlier in the spring, plants blooming earlier, multiple animal species shifting their habitat ranges northward, and reductions in the size of glaciers.Predicting future climate changes are fraught with difficultly. Some research has warned against possible problems due to American climate changes such as the spread of invasive species and possibilities of floods as well as droughts. Changes in climate in the regions of the United States appear significant. Drought conditions appear to be worsening in the southwest while improving in the northeast for example.President Barack Obama committed in the December 2009 Copenhagen Climate Change Summit to reduce carbon dioxide emissions in the range of 17% below 2005 levels by 2020, 42% below 2005 levels by 2030, and 83% below 2005 levels by 2050. In an address towards the U.S. Congress in June 2013, Obama detailed a specific action plan to achieve the 17% carbon emissions cut from 2005 by 2020. He included such measures as shifting from coal-based power generation to solar and natural gas production."@en .corpus205.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Savard> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steve Savard is a American sports anchor and \"Voice of the St. Louis Rams\".  He is the lead news anchor and former sportscaster at KMOV in St. Louis, Missouri.  Savard, a St. Louis native, attended Parkway North High School and Northwest Missouri State University where he graduated in 1986 with degrees in English and journalism.  Steve has won six Emmy Awards, including best sportscaster.  In February 2013, he made the switch from sports to become a  news anchor in which he co-anchors the 10:00 p.m. edition of News 4. In May 2013, he added the 6:00 p.m. newscast to his duties at News 4. replacing longtime anchor Larry Connors who was relieved of his duties over a Facebook comment about the Internal Revenue Service after interviewing United States President Barack Obama."@en .corpus205.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilly_Ledbetter_Fair_Pay_Act_of_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 (Pub.L. 111–2, S. 181) is a federal statute in the United States that was the first bill signed into law by President Barack Obama on January 29, 2009. The Act amends the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The new act states that the 180-day statute of limitations for filing an equal-pay lawsuit regarding pay discrimination resets with each new paycheck affected by that discriminatory action. The law directly addressed Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., 550 U.S. 618 (2007), a U.S. Supreme Court decision that the statute of limitations for presenting an equal-pay lawsuit begins on the date that the employer makes the initial discriminatory wage decision, not at the date of the most recent paycheck.An earlier bill seeking to supersede the Ledbetter decision, also called the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, was first introduced in the 110th United States Congress but was not successfully enacted at that time, as it was passed by the House but failed in the Senate. During the campaign for the 2008 elections, the Democrats criticized Republicans for defeating the 2007 version of the bill, citing Republican presidential candidate John McCain's opposition to the bill and candidate Barack Obama's support."@en .corpus205.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Vote> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Project Vote (or Voting for America, Inc.) is a national nonpartisan, nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization that works with marginalized and under-represented voters.  Its current executive director is Michael Slater, who has worked for Project Vote since 2004. Project Vote's efforts to engage low income and minority voters in the civic process include the provision of training, management, evaluation and technical services.Project Vote was founded in 1994 as Voting for America, and changed its name in 1997 to Project Vote/Voting for America. In 2010, the organization dropped Voting for America from its name. An earlier, unrelated organization, known as Project VOTE!, was active between 1984 and 1994. It is best remembered for a highly successful Chicago voter registration drive run by Barack Obama in 1992.Between 1994 and 2008, Project Vote often coordinated voter registration campaigns with local chapters of ACORN.  Project Vote's board was made up entirely of ACORN members prior to the summer of 2008 when news of an embezzlement scandal at ACORN made headlines.Project Vote has also worked with organizations such as Demos, National Voting Rights Institute, Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law, and the Fair Elections Legal Network regarding election administration policy and voting rights, including enforcement of the National Voter Registration Act through research, litigation and technical assistance."@en .corpus205.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Furman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jason Furman (born August 18, 1970) is an economist. On June 10, 2013, Furman was named by President Barack Obama as Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers (CEA). Previously, since January 28, 2009, Furman had served as the Deputy Director of the National Economic Council, which followed his role as an advisor to candidate Obama during the 2008 presidential campaign. Initially, Furman's appointment as a campaign adviser had been criticized by some labor activists."@en .corpus206.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_image_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States, has elicited a number of public perceptions regarding his personality and background. As the first African-American President of the United States, his race and culture have played a prominent role in this, both positively and negatively. His relative youth (47 when elected) has alternately resulted in his being praised for his freshness and criticized for his inexperience. His temperament and demeanor have drawn praise for his perceived unflappability and criticism for the perception of his lacking emotional attachment."@en .corpus207.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_legalism> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In politics and law, liberal legalism is a belief that politics should be constrained by legal constitutional boundaries. Liberal legalism has also been called legal constitutionalism, such as is found in United States and Germany, with political constitutionalism, which is more typical of Britain, by British constitutional scholar Adam Tomkins. He argues in his book Our Republican Constitution that the British system of governance, in which Parliament controls government ministers, provides a better check on executive power than a system like that of the United States, where courts and laws are used to check executive power.Loughlin argues that the aim of legal-liberalism is to \"confine politics to the straight-jacket of law.\" Tomkins argues that courts and constitutions are a poor check on executive or legislative authority since they must wait for court decisions to bubble up from lesser courts before they can act; since this process can take years, even decades, to happen, the court is usually slow to act. Tomkins prefers a parliamentary system like Britain's as being \"more suitable and more effective\" at restraining governments, and sees flaws in the American system of having courts check executive power.Opponents of liberal legalism often cite examples of executives ignoring or overcoming legal restrictions for political gain, such as presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama disregarding the War Powers Act."@en .corpus207.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary_Clinton_presidential_primary_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hillary Clinton won many primaries, but lost the Democratic Party nomination to Barack Obama during the United States presidential election, 2008."@en .corpus207.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Citadel_Hotel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The David Citadel Hotel (Hebrew: מָלוֹן מֽצוּדָת דָּוִד, malón mezudát davíd) is a luxury hotel in the center of Jerusalem. The hotel is on King David Street, close to the entrance to the Old City. The hotel hosts VIPs, including global political leaders, business moguls and celebrities, competing with the nearby King David Hotel for the title of \"Jerusalem’s Flagship Hotel\"The hotel was designed by Moshe Safdie as a U shaped structure rising 10 storeys high with 384 rooms and suites. It has terrace-style suites that overlook the Old City and the Tower of David, and the glass-domed public lobby in the inner part of the \"U\". The building is an integral part of the Mamilla development project planned by Safdie, and highlights a neo-oriental style which blends Middle-Eastern and classic Jerusalem architectural elements.The hotel is owned by the Tel Aviv-based Alrov hotel and real estate development group, under the tutelage of Israeli business titan Alfred Akirov. The hotel opened in 1998 and was originally dubbed as the \"Hilton Jerusalem.\" It was managed by Hilton International and was supposed to bring the property international notoriety. However, after a business dispute between Alfred Akirov and Hilton International, which developed into multi-million-dollar mutual lawsuits between the two corporations Hilton pulled out of managing the property in 2001. The owners decided that the hotel would not engage another international chain to manage the property and was renamed The David Citadel Hotel. Today the hotel is managed by the Alrov Hotel Group. The Alrov Hotel Group owns five luxury properties in Jerusalem, Amsterdam, London and Paris.People who have stayed include former U.S. President Bill Clinton and his wife Senator Hillary Clinton, as well as Republican Party Presidential candidate, Senator John McCain, Senator Barack Obama, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who has used the facility to conduct quiet meetings between Israeli and Palestinian peace negotiating teams."@en .corpus207.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_television_transition_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The DTV (an abbreviation of digital television, also called digital broadcast) transition in the United States is the switchover from analog (the traditional method of transmitting television signals) to exclusively digital broadcasting of free over-the-air television programming. The transition from analog to digital television has been described by David Rehr, then president and CEO of the National Association of Broadcasters, as representing \"the most significant advancement of television technology since color TV was introduced.\" For full-power TV stations, the transition went into effect on Friday, June 12, 2009, with stations ending regular programming on their analog signals no later than 11:59 pm local time that day.Under the Digital Transition and Public Safety Act of 2005, full-power broadcasting of analog television in the United States would have ceased after Tuesday February 17, 2009. To help U.S. consumers through the conversion, the Act also established a federally sponsored DTV Converter Box Coupon Program.The DTV Delay Act changed the mandatory analog cutoff date to June 12, although stations were permitted to cease analog transmissions before the new mandatory cutoff date. The legislation was enacted on February 4, 2009, and on February 11, 2009, President Barack Obama signed it into law. The purpose of the extension was to help the millions of households who had not been able to get their coupons for converters because demand for coupons exceeded the funding provided for in the initial bill, leaving millions on a waiting list to receive coupons. Funding for extra coupons was provided by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. By midnight on the original cut-off date of February 17, 2009, 641 stations representing 36 percent of U.S. full-power broadcasters were transmitting exclusively in digital.Analog broadcasting did not cease entirely following the June 12 deadline: under the provisions of the Short-term Analog Flash and Emergency Readiness Act, approximately 120 full-power stations briefly maintained analog \"nightlight\" service, ending no later than July 12. In a separate category, low power television stations will be permitted to continue analog broadcasts for several more years.  In September 2010, the FCC announced a proposal to set a hard deadline of 2012 for low power stations to broadcast in digital.  On July 15, 2011, the FCC posted the required transition deadlines for low power television.  Stations broadcasting on channels 52 to 69 were required to vacate those channels by December 31, 2011.  By order of the United States government, all analog television transmitters (primarily low-powered (LP), and Class-A low-powered (-CA) stations, and also broadcast translator (TX) translator/repeaters in rural communities) must shut down by September 1, 2015."@en .corpus208.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Katz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James E. Katz PhD is a communication scholar with an expertise in new media, (especially concerning the Internet, social media, and mobile phone). He has published widely and is frequently invited to comment on his research at both academic and public policy forms as well as to give interviews to media outlets.In 2012, Katz was appointed the Feld Professor of Emerging Media at Boston University’s College of Communication [1]. In addition, he directs its newly established Division of Emerging Media Studies [2] and Center for Mobile Communication Studies.Prior to his appointment, he was professor and chair of the Department of Communication at Rutgers University, NJ, USA. Also at Rutgers University, in 2012, he received the highest honor that can be bestowed on one of its faculty members, the designation of Board of Governors Professor of Communication [need citation]. Preceding his tenure at Rutgers, Katz served as a Senior Scientist directing the social science research unit at Bell Communications Research (Bellcore) Telcordia Technologies. Katz has also taught at the University of Texas, Austin, where he also served as chair of the Austin World Affairs Council. He has also served term as editor-in-chief of Human Communication Research, a flagship journal of the International Communication Association [3].Since receiving his Ph.D. in Sociology from Rutgers University in 1975, he has published over 15 books on topics ranging from government and scientific policy to museums, mobile devices and the use of social media.  His books have been translated into many languages including Italian, Spanish and Japanese.  Along with Rutgers colleague Mark Aakhus he developed the concept of Apparatgeist, related to how people develop relationships with their technologies, and how they seek to find transcendental ways to communicate.  His recently published \"Handbook of Mobile Communication Studies\" (2008) has been a top-seller in the category of Computer and Internet books on Amazon.[4] The book consists of 32 edited chapters that discuss the range of mobile phone usage around the world, much of which was originally presented at a conference held at Rutgers University in 2005.  His co-edited volume, Perpetual Contact, has been described by \"Work, Employment and Society\" as a 'collection [that] will promote further debate in fields concerning the social construction of technologies, communications and media.'[5]In 2013, Dr. Katz published \"The Social Media President: Barack Obama and the Politics of Digital Engagement\" (Palgrave Macmillan, 228 pp.) with Michael Barris and Anshul Jain [6]. The study examines the White House's use of Twitter and other online tools for policy initiatives and strategic campaigns since 1992, and in particular since 2009 during Barack Obama's presidency. The authors discuss the strengths and weaknesses of social media for public engagement, and concludes that its impacts in promoting the efficiency of democratic institutions have often been exaggerated. Drawing on interviews, case studies and social-media content, the book provokes academic and popular discussions about the successes, limitations and missed opportunities in the strategic use of social media in Obama's administration."@en .corpus209.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullbrook> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bullbrook is a suburb of Bracknell, in the English county of Berkshire, formerly part of the parish of Winkfield. It is named after the Bull Brook which runs through the area, although most of the brook now runs underground in culverts. Bullbrook is one of the earlier estates of Bracknell and was built in the late 1950s.The estate lies largely north of the A329 road and its borders begin immediately east of Bracknell town centre. The section between the A329 and the railway line, Bullbrook 4, is now part of Harmans Water ward following boundary changes in 2003.Facilities include a small shopping centre, a community centre, several public houses and Holly Spring school. Lily Hill Park is an extensive area of woodland and historic parkland. Within the park is Lily Hill House, built between 1814-1817 and now used as a business centre.The eastern industrial area is a business area. The Royal Berkshire Bracknell Clinic is at Brants Bridge.Kezia Obama, the stepmother of United States President Barack Obama, is a resident of Bullbrook."@en .corpus209.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Tuke> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert Dudley \"Bob\" Tuke (born December 5, 1947, Rochester, New York) was the Democratic nominee for the 2008 United States Senate election in Tennessee, having won the Democratic primary in August. He faced incumbent Republican Lamar Alexander in the general election in November, losing by approximately 33% of the final vote.Tuke is a decorated United States Marine and served in the Vietnam War. He was the Chairman of the Democratic Party of Tennessee from 2005 to 2007, and also served as Barack Obama's Presidential campaign chair in Tennessee. Tuke earned his bachelor's degree from the University of Virginia in Charlottesville. He is also a graduate of Vanderbilt University, where he received his juris doctorate.  As of 2008, Tuke is a Partner at the Nashville law firm of Trauger and Tuke."@en .corpus209.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Obama_Nation> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Obama Nation: Leftist Politics and the Cult of Personality is a controversial bestselling book by Jerome Corsi intended by its author to oppose Barack Obama's candidacy for President of the United States. The book alleges Obama's \"extreme leftism\", \"extensive connections with Islam and radical politics\", \"naïve... foreign policy\", past drug use and connections to corrupt backers, among other things. The book has been criticized for containing factual errors, for being racially charged, and for being a political \"attack book\" containing smears, falsehoods, and innuendo."@en .corpus209.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edwards_extramarital_affair> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Edwards, a former United States Senator from North Carolina, and a Democratic Party vice-presidential and presidential candidate, admitted to an extramarital affair in August 2008.The affair was initially reported in late-2007 by The National Enquirer, a U.S. supermarket tabloid newspaper, but was given little attention outside the tabloid press and political blogosphere. The Enquirer cited claims, from an anonymous source, that Edwards had engaged in an affair with Rielle Hunter, a filmmaker hired to work for his presidential campaign, with a child produced from the relationship. ABC News reported that Andrew Young, a member of Edwards' campaign team, stated that Edwards asked him to \"Get a doctor to fake the DNA results ... and to steal a diaper from the baby so he could secretly do a DNA test to find out if this [was] indeed his child.\"The allegations, initially published in late-2007, were denied by both Edwards and Hunter. Young claimed paternity of Hunter's daughter, although no father is listed on the child's birth certificate, and Young has subsequently denied it.In July 2008, several U.S. mainstream media news outlets cited the allegations in relation to Edwards' future political career, as well as in relation to his chances of being selected as a running mate in Barack Obama's 2008 presidential bid. Then, on August 7, 2008, Edwards admitted to ABC News correspondent, Bob Woodruff, that he did have an extended affair with Hunter, but denied that he was the father of Hunter's baby girl. Hunter's sister claimed that Edwards was the father and publicly asked Edwards to take a paternity test to determine whether the child was his.On January 21, 2010, Edwards issued a statement admitting that he was the father of the child in question. After the admission from Edwards that he fathered a child with Hunter, Edwards' wife, Elizabeth Edwards, announced a separation from her husband, with an intention to file for divorce. On January 25, 2010, the existence of an explicit sex tape, featuring Edwards and Hunter, was publicly reported.When Edwards first admitted to the affair, he stated that Elizabeth was in remission from breast cancer. However, it became clear that the affair was still ongoing, even after he and his wife made a joint announcement that her cancer had returned and was found to be incurable. Elizabeth Edwards died on December 7, 2010."@en .corpus209.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_B._Stewart> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jamie B. Stewart, Jr. has been President and CEO of the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation, based in Jersey City, NJ., since January 2004.[1]Prior to joining FFCBFC, Mr. Stewart was first vice president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from January 1999 to January 2004 [2] l. During a portion of his tenure with the Fed, there was no president of this branch of the Federal Reserve due to the resignation of William J. McDonough in 2003. McDonough was not replaced until November 2003 [3], at which point he was succeeded by Timothy Geithner. (Geithner later became the Secretary of the Treasury under President Barack Obama.) Due to this situation, Mr. Stewart served as acting governor from June through December 2003, and had voting rights on the Federal Open Market Committee, which was headed at that time by Alan Greenspan.[4]Mr. Stewart was instrumental in guiding the Federal Reserve Bank of New York through the banking crisis surrounding the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, which caused a temporary liquidity crisis in the U.S. banking system.[5]Jamie B. Stewart started his professional career with the United States Navy as a surface line officer from 1966-1970. Mr. Stewart received a B.A. in French from Dartmouth College in 1966, a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School in 1972, and a J.D. from Suffolk Law School in Boston in 1980. In the following years, his career path took him from the Bank of Boston to Bank of America to Crocker National Bank (San Francisco) to Mellon Bank, where he served as vice chairman, with responsibility for overall wholesale banking, international operations and cash management activities.Mr. Stewart resides in Brooklyn, NY, with his wife, Deborah."@en .corpus209.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapiolani_Medical_Center_for_Women_and_Children> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kapiʻolani Medical Center for Women and Children is part of Hawaii Pacific Health's network of hospitals. It is located in Honolulu, Hawaii, within the residential inner city district of Makiki. Kapiʻolani Medical Center is Hawaii's only children's hospital with a  team of physicians and nurses and specialized technology trained specifically to care for children, from infants to young adults. It is the state's only 24-hour pediatric emergency room, pediatric intensive care unit and adolescent unit.The facility was originally founded by Queen Kapiʻolani as the Kapiʻolani Maternity Home in 1890 for which she held bazaars and luaus to raise $8,000 needed to start the Home. Kauikeolani Children’s Hospital opened in 1909 named for Emma Kauikeolani Napoleon Mahelona (1862–1931), the wife of Albert Spencer Wilcox (1844–1919).  In 1978, it merged with Kapiʻolani Hospital to become Kapiʻolani Medical Center for Women and Children.It is also notable as the birthplace of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States."@en .corpus209.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Barack_Obama_presidential_campaign_staff_members,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "List of persons holding prominent positions within the Barack Obama presidential primary campaign, 2008.According to an August 2008 statement by Deputy Campaign Manager Steve Hildebrand, the Obama campaign had \"large-scale operations in 22 states, medium operations in many others, and small staffs in only a handful of states,\" with several thousand paid operatives on the ground between Obama staff and Democratic Party staff. That month, these numbers included \"about 200 paid staffers working in Florida and more on the way, 90 in Michigan with plans to expand to 200 by August, at least 200 each eventually in Pennsylvania and Ohio, and 50 in Missouri with plans to expand to 150.\""@en .corpus21.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Law_Schools> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Association of American Law Schools (AALS) is a non-profit organization of 178 law schools in the United States. Another 21 schools are \"non-member fee paid\" schools, which are not members but choose to pay AALS dues. Its purpose is to improve the legal profession through the improvement of legal education. It also represents the interests of law schools towards the U.S. federal government and other national associations of institutes of higher education. It was formed in 1900.The AALS requires its members to follow a nondiscrimination policy regarding \"race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, or sexual orientation,\" and for member law schools to require this of any employer to which it gives access for recruitment. Some schools with particularly strong religious objections to homosexuality choose not to become AALS members for this reason.The United States Armed Forces \"don't ask, don't tell\" (DADT) policy was seen by the AALS as impermissible discrimination. However, the AALS has excused its members from blocking access to the military since the passage of the Solomon Amendments, which denies federal funding to the parent university of a law school as well as the school itself if military recruiters are not given full campus access.  However, the AALS requires schools to take \"ameliorative\" measures when allowing military recruiters on campus, including placing \"warning\" signs on campus when military recruiting takes place, scheduling interviews off campus away from \"core\" areas, \"prohibit[ing] entirely the delivery of discretionary support services\" to military recruiters, charging military employers who use law school resources \"reasonable fees for use of law school staff, facilities and services,\" etc. The AALS has encouraged law schools to deny benefits to military recruiters that they would ordinarily provide employers, such as coffee and free parking. Specifically, the AALS wrote in a memo to all law school deans in the United States:The main point of this Report therefore is that reasonable access does not dictate equal access. Though schools should conduct themselves professionally regarding the military on this issue, the language of the law does not obligate schools to do anything else beyond providing reasonable access; within the bounds of professional conduct, reasonable access does not in the Section's view imply that schools are obligated to provide other free services or amenities (such as, perhaps, scheduling appointment times, collecting and transmitting resumes, free parking, endless supplies of coffee, snacks or lunches and the like). Beyond providing the \"reasonable access\" mentioned in the law, schools should avoid entanglement with military on-campus activities and devote their energies and resources to maximizing amelioration.The AALS has engaged in litigation challenging the Solomon Amendments as violative of the First Amendment (see e.g., Rumsfeld v. Forum for Academic and Institutional Rights, Inc.). In an interesting conicidence, The Judge Advocate General's School of the United States Army is a fee-paying nonmember of AALS.Although DADT has been ended, and although President Barack Obama called upon college campuses to welcome military recruiters during his State of the Union Speech (1/25/11), some law professors have questioned why the AALS has issued no statement declaring an end to its recommendations.The Association holds an annual conference, rotating its location among several large U.S. cities, among them San Francisco, New Orleans and Washington, D.C. Its January 2006 conference was originally scheduled to be held in New Orleans, but in the intervening months the devastation of Hurricane Katrina forced AALS to relocate the conference to Washington, D.C."@en .corpus21.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Jackson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Victoria Lynn Jackson-Wessel (born August 2, 1959) is an American comedian, actress, satirist, singer and internet blogger best known as a cast member of the NBC television sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live (SNL) from 1986 to 1992.After SNL, she appeared in a number of movies and appears as a stand-up comedian. She has received attention as a vocal critic of President Barack Obama, and is an active participant in the Tea Party movement."@en .corpus21.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casimir_Pulaski_Day> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Casimir Pulaski Day is a holiday observed in Illinois on the first Monday of every March in memory of  Casimir Pulaski (March 6, 1745 – October 11, 1779), a Revolutionary War cavalry officer born in Poland as Kazimierz Pułaski. He is praised for his contributions to the U.S. military in the American Revolution and known as \"the father of the American cavalry\".The day is celebrated mainly in areas that have large Polish populations, such as Chicago. The focus of official commemorations of Casimir Pulaski Day in Chicago is at the Polish Museum of America where various city and state officials congregate to pay tribute to Chicago's Polish Community.This is a separate holiday from the federal observance, General Pulaski Memorial Day, which commemorates Pulaski's death from wounds suffered at the Siege of Savannah on October 9, 1779.Illinois enacted a law on September 13, 1977, to celebrate the birthday of Casimir Pulaski and held the first official Pulaski Day celebrations in 1978. The bill was introduced by State Senator Norbert A. Kosinski, a Democrat from Chicago, and signed by Thomas Hynes, President of the Senate on June 26, 1977. Chicago Public Schools, Cook County government offices, the Chicago Public Library, Springfield Public Schools, and state-wide public and private schools are closed on this holiday.Wisconsin public schools also observe Casimir Pulaski Day.In both Illinois and Wisconsin, banks are closed. Section 118.02 of the Wisconsin Statutes provides that, \"...when school is held or, if the day falls on a Saturday or Sunday, on a school day immediately preceding or following the respective day, the day shall be appropriately observed....\" The use of \"shall\" denotes this as a mandatory requirement.  Each public school in Wisconsin must observe Casimir Pulaski Day on March 4.  How the day is observed — \"appropriately\" — allows for some discretion among the schools.Buffalo, New York also acknowledges a \"Pulaski Day,\" which is held in the middle of July, and is celebrated with an annual parade.On November 6, 2009, President Barack Obama signed a joint resolution of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives making Pulaski an honorary American citizen, 230 years after his death.Grand Rapids, Michigan hosts a \"Pulaski Days\" celebration annually on the first full weekend of October in recognition of General Pulaski and the Polish culture in general."@en .corpus21.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Children's_Health_Insurance_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) – now known more simply as the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) – is a program administered by the United States Department of Health and Human Services that provides matching funds to states for health insurance to families with children. The program was designed to cover uninsured children in families with incomes that are modest but too high to qualify for Medicaid.At its creation in 1997, CHIP was the largest expansion of taxpayer-funded health insurance coverage for children in the U.S. since Lyndon Johnson established Medicaid in 1965. The statutory authority for CHIP is under title XXI of the Social Security Act. It was sponsored by Senator Edward Kennedy in a partnership with Senator Orrin Hatch with support coming from First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton during the Clinton administration.States are given flexibility in designing their CHIP eligibility requirements and policies within broad federal guidelines. Some states have received authority through waivers of statutory provisions to use CHIP funds to cover the parents of children receiving benefits from both CHIP and Medicaid, pregnant women, and other adults. CHIP covered 7.6 million children during federal fiscal year 2010, and every state has an approved plan. Despite CHIP, the number of uninsured children continued to rise, particularly among families that cannot qualify for CHIP. An October 2007 study by the Vimo Research Group found that 68.7 percent of newly uninsured children were in families whose incomes were 200 percent of the federal poverty level or higher as more employers dropped dependents or dropped coverage altogether due to annual premiums nearly doubling between 2000 and 2006. Vimo cites the Kaiser Commission on Medicaid and the Uninsured when it says 48 percent of the newly uninsured were not eligible for any kind of public coverage, and that only those in the lowest income bracket might offset the loss of employer-sponsored coverage with increases in Medicaid and SCHIP. In FY 2008, the program faced funding shortfalls in several states.Two attempts to expand funding for the program were vetoed by President George W. Bush, who argued that such efforts were steps toward federalization of health care, and would \"steer the program away from its core purpose of providing insurance for poor children and toward covering children from middle-class families.\"   On February 4, 2009, President Barack Obama signed the Children's Health Insurance Reauthorization Act of 2009, expanding the healthcare program to an additional 4 million children and pregnant women, including for the first time legal immigrants without a waiting period."@en .corpus21.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_Water_Dog> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Portuguese Water Dog is a breed of working dog as classified by the American Kennel Club. Portuguese Water Dogs are originally from the Portuguese region of the Algarve, from where the breed expanded to all around Portugal's coast, where they were taught to herd fish into fishermen's nets, to retrieve lost tackle or broken nets, and to act as couriers from ship to ship, or ship to shore.Portuguese Water Dogs rode in fishing trawlers as they worked their way from the Atlantic waters of Portugal to the waters off the coast of Iceland where the fleets caught cod.In Portugal, the breed is called Cão de Água (IPA: [ˈkɐ̃w dɨ ˈaɡwɐ]; literally \"water dog\"). In Portugal, the dog is also known as the Algarvian Water Dog (Cão de Água Algarvio), or Portuguese Fishing Dog (Cão Pescador Português). Cão de Água de Pêlo Ondulado is the name given to the wavy-haired variety, and Cão de Água de Pêlo Encaracolado is the name for the curly-coated variety.The Portuguese Water Dog is a fairly rare breed; only 36 Portuguese Water Dogs were entered for Britain's Crufts competition in 2013. Though some breeders claim they are a hypoallergenic dog breed, there is no scientific evidence to support the claim that hypoallergenic dog breeds exist. Their non-shedding qualities have made them more popular in recent years.The Portuguese Water Dog has recently gained more fame by being the chosen breed of U.S. president Barack Obama, who has two of them, Bo and Sunny. The Obama family chose the breed partly due to its hypoallergenic status. Bo was given to the Obama family as a personal gift from Senator Ted Kennedy."@en .corpus210.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langmaid_Terrace> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Langmaid Terrace is a historic apartment complex at 359—365 Broadway in the Winter Hill neighborhood of Somerville, Massachusetts.  The architecturally eclectic brick building was built 1892-3 by members of the Langmaid family, who were local developers.  The building is Queen Anne in inspiration with multiple roof lines, gables, and towers of varying heights and styles.  Dormers project from the mansard roof, faced with stepped brick.  The building has also achieved recent notice as the home of President Barack Obama while he attended Harvard Law School.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989."@en .corpus210.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_offshore_drilling_debate> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The U.S. offshore drilling debate is an ongoing debate in the United States on whether or not offshore drilling should be allowed for new wells off the coast of the U.S. The issue saw increased coverage when President George W. Bush in July 2008 lifted a 1990 executive order by George H. W. Bush banning offshore drilling, while at the same time calling for drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.The issue of offshore drilling became central in the 2008 presidential election, not least because of the oil price increases since 2003. It is also being debated in terms of both environmental issues and U.S. energy independence. As of September 2008, President Barack Obama is for limited offshore drilling as part of an extensive energy independence overhaul.Bush's energy policy was named \"drill and veto\" by U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. The Drill Responsibly in Leased Lands (DRILL) Act (H.R. 6515) is one of the bills discussed in the Congress about drilling. In Florida, many counties, cities, chambers of commerce, and other local agencies have passed resolutions against oil drilling in Florida waters.On March 31, 2010, President Obama announced that he was opening new areas in U.S. coastal waters to offshore drilling for gas and oil. This was in stark contrast to his reaction only a few weeks later to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico that has become the largest offshore oil spill in United States history. In November 2010, the Obama administration rescinded the decision to open new areas."@en .corpus210.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_Fights_Back> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Truth Fights Back is a website funded by John Kerry's political action committee, Campaign for Our Country, to track and debunk conservative attacks during the final weeks of the 2008 U.S. presidential and congressional campaigns. Kerry, the Democratic party's presidential candidate in 2004, says he was on the receiving end of attacks by some of the same individuals targeting Barack Obama, the 2008 Democratic candidate."@en .corpus210.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pildes> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard H. Pildes is a law professor at the New York University School of Law and a leading expert on election law. He is one of the nation's leading scholars of public law and a specialist in legal issues affecting democracy. The son of two Chicago-area physicians, Pildes received his A.B., summa cum laude, in physical chemistry from Princeton University in 1979, and his J.D., magna cum laude, from Harvard Law School in 1983. He clerked for Judge Abner J. Mikva of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia and for Justice Thurgood Marshall of the U.S. Supreme Court (where he clerked alongside future colleague and NYU Law Dean Richard Revesz), after which he practiced law in Boston. He began his academic career at the University of Michigan Law School, where he was assistant and then full professor of law from 1988 until 1999, when he joined the NYU School of Law faculty. He has been a visiting professor at the University of Chicago Law School, Harvard Law School, and the University of Texas Law School.   In the area of democracy, Pildes, along with the co-authors of his widely used casebook, The Law of Democracy, has helped to create a new field of study in law schools. Pildes is a leading scholar on the topics of the Voting Rights Act, alternative voting systems (such as cumulative voting), the history of disfranchisement in the United States, and the general relationship between constitutional law and democratic politics in the design of democratic institutions themselves. His work in these areas has been frequently cited in United States Supreme Court opinions.Pildes gives frequent public lectures and appearances, and was part of the ABC News team that was nominated for an Emmy Award for its coverage of the 2000 Presidential election litigation.  During the 2000 Presidential election controversy, he had an exclusive media contract with NBC and appeared frequently on NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw, MSNBC, and WNBC-TV. He is also an active public intellectual and public-law litigator. He has written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, The New Republic, The American Prospect, and other such publications. Apart from his academic work, Pildes has also served as a federal court-appointed independent expert on voting rights litigation, an assistant to a special master for the redistricting of a state legislature, and has worked with North Carolina in redistricting litigation before the United States Supreme Court. He was assisted with one of his casebooks by then-University of Chicago Law School lecturer Barack Obama."@en .corpus211.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_Against_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Case Against Barack Obama: The Unlikely Rise and Unexamined Agenda of the Media's Favorite Candidate, by author David Freddoso, is a bestselling book published in late 2008, providing a critical examination of the life and opinions of the then United States presidential candidate and Senator Barack Obama.Freddoso was a political reporter for the website of the conservative magazine National Review when the book came out. He is now with the Washington Examiner. The book was published by Regnery Publishing.Freddoso said in an August 2008 interview that the book is an attempt to address what he sees as two wrong ways of considering Obama as a presidential candidate. The author wanted to counter those, including those in the news media, who look on Obama uncritically, and to do so in a way different from those who \"are smearing him on the Internet for supposedly being a secret Muslim or supposedly not saluting the flag\". The book harshly criticizes Obama over policy matters, according to Ben Smith, a writer at The Politico. For the most part, the book is drawn from previously published sources, although Freddoso does do some original reporting.The first press run of the book totaled nearly 300,000 copies, and it appeared on the August 24, 2008 New York Times Bestseller List for hardcover nonfiction at No. 5. Publicity for the book is handled by the conservative public relations firm Creative Response Concepts.The book was released within weeks of two other books critical of Obama written by conservative writers: Jerome Corsi’s The Obama Nation: Leftist Politics and the Cult of Personality, and Dick Morris’ Fleeced: How Barack Obama, Media Mockery of Terrorist Threats, Liberals Who Want to Kill Talk Radio, the Do-Nothing Congress, Companies That Help Iran, and Washington Lobbyists for Foreign Governments Are Scamming Us ... and What to Do About It."@en .corpus211.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Forum_on_the_Presidency> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Civil Forum on the Presidency was the venue of back-to-back interviews of U.S. presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama by pastor Rick Warren on August 16, 2008, at Saddleback Church in Lake Forest, California."@en .corpus211.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Garver> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lori Beth Garver (born May 22, 1961 in Lansing, Michigan) is the former Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). She was nominated on May 24, 2009, by President Barack Obama, along with Charles Bolden as NASA Administrator. She was confirmed by the United States Senate by unanimous consent on July 15, 2009. She left the position in September 2013 to become General Manager of the Air Line Pilots Association.Garver was the lead civil space policy advisor for Obama's 2008 presidential campaign and led the agency review team for NASA during the post-election transition. She worked at NASA from 1996–2001, first as a special assistant to the NASA administrator and senior policy analyst for the Office of Policy and Plans, and then as the Associate Administrator for the Office of Policy and Plans."@en .corpus211.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preserve_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Preserve America is a United States government program, established under President George W. Bush, intended to encourage and support community efforts to preserve and enjoy the country's cultural and natural heritage. As of August 2008, more than 500 communities, representing all 50 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands (a U.S. territory), had been designated as \"Preserve America Communities.\" By July 2010, the number had increased to 843 communities. Designated communities become eligible to apply for Preserve America grants to enhance heritage tourism and the use of community historic and cultural sites. Federal budget allocations for Preserve America grants totaled approximately $5 million in fiscal year 2007 and $7.5 million in fiscal year 2008. Designated communities also receive White House recognition, a certificate of recognition, a Preserve America Community road sign, listing in the Preserve America Community directory on the program's website, authorization to use the Preserve America logo, inclusion in national and regional press releases, and official notification of the designation to state tourism offices and visitors bureaus.Executive Order 13287, \"Preserve America\", signed by President Bush on March 3, 2003, established a federal policy to provide leadership in preserving the nation's heritage by actively advancing the protection, enhancement, and contemporary use of historic properties owned by the federal government. The order encourages federal agencies to seek partnerships with state, tribal, and local governments and the private sector to make more efficient and informed use of these resources for economic development and other recognized public benefits. In addition, it directs the Secretary of Commerce to assist in development of local and regional heritage tourism programs.Legislation providing permanent authorization for the Preserve America program was passed by the U.S. Congress and signed by President Barack Obama in March 2009.The Preserve America program is jointly administered by the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation and Department of the Interior in partnership with the U.S. Departments of Agriculture, Commerce, Defense, Education, Housing and Urban Development, and Transportation; U.S. General Services Administration; National Endowment for the Humanities; President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities; Institute of Museum and Library Services; and Council on Environmental Quality. Laura Bush, former First Lady of the United States, was the Honorary Chair of Preserve America from the program's inception. Her successor as First Lady, Michelle Obama, continues that tradition by serving an honorary role in supporting and promoting Preserve America."@en .corpus211.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Energy_for_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "New Energy for America is a plan led by Barack Obama and Joe Biden to invest in renewable energy sources, reduce reliance on foreign oil, address the global climate crisis, and create jobs for Americans."@en .corpus211.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quake-Catcher_Network> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Quake-Catcher Network is a joint collaborative initiative run by Stanford University and UC Riverside that aims to use computer-based accelerometers to detect earthquakes. It uses the BOINC volunteer computing platform (a form of distributed computing, similar to SETI@home).It currently supports newer Mac laptops which have the built-in accelerometer (used to park hard drive heads if the laptop is dropped), and the newer IBM/Lenovo thinkpads.  It also supports three external USB devices currently - the codemercs.com JoyWarrior 24F8, the ONavi sensor, and the MotionNode Accel.In 2011, project scientist Elizabeth Cochran was awarded a Presidential Early Career Award from US President Barack Obama in large part due to her founding of the Quake-Catcher Network project."@en .corpus212.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Johnson_(academic)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kevin R. Johnson is the Dean of the UC Davis School of Law (King Hall). Before becoming a professor, he was a student at Harvard Law School where he served as an editor of the Harvard Law Review, served as a clerk to Judge Stephen Reinhardt of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and worked for law firm Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe.  Johnson joined the faculty at the UC Davis School of Law (King Hall) in 1989, was named Associate Dean in 1998, and the Dean in 2008. He is the first Latino to head a law school in the UC system.Dean Johnson is nationally respected as a scholar in civil rights, chicano/a studies, and immigration law.  He serves on the board of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund, and as the president of the board of directors of Legal Services of Northern California.  Johnson was a senior immigration advisor to President Barack Obama during his presidential candidacy, and contributes to the influence immigration law blog, ImmgrationProfHe received a B.A. in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley and a J.D. (magna cum laude) from Harvard Law School."@en .corpus212.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Infrastructure_Reinvestment_Bank> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The creation of a National Infrastructure Reinvestment Bank was first proposed by United States Senator Christopher J. Dodd and Senator Chuck Hagel in 2007. However, several other iterations of a National Infrastructure Bank have been proposed and considered and it is likely that implementing legislation for the Bank will look quite different from that which was proposed in the original legislation.Barack Obama backed the proposed legislation in February 2008 and repeated his call in September 2010, although he did not provide specifics about how the Bank should operate. In 2008, Obama suggested that the Bank would borrow US$60 billion of federal funding to invest in infrastructure over 10 years, while leveraging \"up to $500 billion\" of private investment. It would invest in high-speed trains to provide an alternative to air travel, energy efficiency, and clean energy, among other kinds of public infrastructure. According to Obama, the Bank's \"work will be determined by what will maximize our safety and security and ability to compete\" and it would \"create nearly two million new jobs\", mainly in the construction industry. According to the text of the proposed legislation, funding for the bank would be taken from borrowed funds not to exceed one percent.The Bank would complement existing federal programs to fund infrastructure, such as the Highway Trust Fund or State Revolving Funds. It is expected to invest primarily in surface transport infrastructure, which is likely to include highways and mass transit. Obama did not mention investments in water supply and sanitation as an area of activity for the new Bank. The American Water Works Association (AWWA) estimates that investment in water supply and sanitation in the United States will have to be \"over $250 billion above current levels of spending in the next 20 to 30 years\" to replace aging infrastructure. The original version of the bill expired with the  110th Congress; a different version of the bill was introduced into the  112th Congress by U.S. Representative Rosa L. DeLauro (D - Connecticut 3rd District) as H.R. 402."@en .corpus212.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_T._Payne> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles Thomas Payne (February 1925 – August 1, 2014) was an American who served in the U.S. military during World War II as a member of the U.S. Army's 89th Infantry Division that liberated Ohrdruf, a sub-camp of the Buchenwald concentration camp. He was 20 years old at the time. A brother of Madelyn Lee Payne Dunham, Charles was Barack Obama's great uncle and was mentioned in Obama's speeches including the one given in 2009 commemorating the anniversary of D-Day.Obama has often described Payne's role in liberating Ohrdruf forced labor camp. There was brief media attention when Obama mistakenly identified the camp as Auschwitz during the campaign. In 2009, Payne spoke about this experiences:\"Ohrdruf was in that string of towns going across, south of Gotha and Erfurt. Our division was the first one in there. When we arrived there were no German soldiers anywhere around that I knew about. There was no fighting against the Germans, no camp guards. The whole area was overrun by people from the camp dressed in the most pitiful rags, and most of them were in a bad state of starvation.\"Payne appeared in the visitor's gallery at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado, when his great-nephew was nominated for President. He was the assistant director of the University of Chicago's Library. Payne died on August 1, 2014, aged 89."@en .corpus213.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You're_Out_There> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"If You're Out There\" is the second single from John Legend's album, Evolver, which features the Agape Choir. The song was released digitally on August 24, 2008. It was inspired by Barack Obama's Presidential campaign and was later posted as a free download on Obama's website. The song also alludes to Gandhi's quote, \"Be the change you want to see in the world,\" with the lines \"We don't have to wait for destiny / we should / be the change that we / want to see."@en .corpus213.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_Democratic_National_Convention> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 Democratic National Convention was a gathering, held from September 4 to 6, 2012, in Charlotte, North Carolina, in which delegates of the Democratic Party chose the party's nominees for President and Vice President in the 2012 United States national election.On April 3, 2012, President Barack Obama won the Maryland and District of Columbia primaries, giving him more than the required 2,778 delegates to secure the presidential nomination. He had previously announced that Vice President Joe Biden would be his vice presidential running mate in his re-election bid."@en .corpus213.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_assassination_plot_in_Denver> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Barack Obama assassination plot in Denver refers to an alleged plot by Shawn Robert Adolf, Tharin Robert Gartrell and Nathan Dwaine Johnson to assassinate Barack Obama, then the 2008 Democratic Party presidential nominee. The trio allegedly planned to shoot Senator Obama with a high-powered rifle during the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado.The alleged motive for the attempted assassination was a white supremacist belief that an African American should not be elected President of the United States. Gartrell was arrested August 24, 2008, and found to be in possession of rifles and other weaponry; Adolf and Johnson were arrested shortly thereafter. In a televised interview after his arrest, Johnson identified Adolf as the man who allegedly hatched the assassination plot and planned to be the shooter.Although their suspected white supremacist affiliations led federal authorities to investigate possible ties to a larger group, authorities later downplayed the trio as drug addicts who had little chance of actually carrying out the plot. The three men were charged with drug and weapons charges, but did not face federal charges of threatening a presidential candidate."@en .corpus213.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_First_Ladies_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The First Lady of the United States is the hostess of the White House. The position is traditionally filled by the wife of the president of the United States, but, on occasion, the title has been applied to women who were not presidents’ wives, such as when the president was a bachelor or widower, or when the wife of the president was unable to fulfill the duties of the First Lady herself. The First Lady is not an elected position; it carries no official duties and receives no salary. Nonetheless, she attends many official ceremonies and functions of state either along with or in place of the president. Traditionally, the First Lady does not hold outside employment while occupying the office. She has her own staff, including the White House Social Secretary, the Chief of Staff, the Press Secretary, the Chief Floral Designer, and the Executive Chef. The Office of the First Lady is also in charge of all social and ceremonial events of the White House, and is a branch of the Executive Office of the President.According to the White House and the National First Ladies' Library, there have been forty-six First Ladies and forty-seven First Ladyships. This discrepancy exists because Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the twenty-second and the twenty-fourth president; his wife Frances Folsom Cleveland is also counted twice. Following Barack Obama's first inauguration on January 20, 2009, his wife, Michelle Obama, became the forty-sixth official First Lady, succeeding Laura Bush, wife of former President George W. Bush.There are five living former First Ladies: Rosalynn Carter, wife of Jimmy Carter; Nancy Reagan, widow of Ronald Reagan; Barbara Bush, wife of George H. W. Bush; Hillary Rodham Clinton, wife of Bill Clinton; and Laura Bush, wife of George W. Bush. The first First Lady was Martha Washington, married to George Washington. Presidents John Tyler and Thomas Woodrow Wilson had two official First Ladies; both remarried during their presidential tenures. The wives of four Presidents died before their husbands were sworn into office but are still considered First Ladies by the White House and National First Ladies' Library: Martha Jefferson, wife of Thomas Jefferson; Rachel Jackson, wife of Andrew Jackson; Hannah Van Buren, wife of Martin Van Buren; and Ellen Lewis Herndon Arthur, wife of Chester A. Arthur. One woman who was not married to a President but who is still considered an official First Lady: Harriet Lane, niece of bachelor James Buchanan. The other non-spousal relatives who served as White House hostesses are not recognized by the First Ladies' Library.In 2007, the United States Mint began releasing a set of half-ounce $10 gold coins under the First Spouse Program with engravings of portraits of the First Ladies on the obverse. When a President served without a spouse, a gold coin is issued that bears an obverse image emblematic of Liberty as depicted on a circulating coin of that era and a reverse image emblematic of themes of that President's life. This is true for the coins for Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson, Martin Van Buren and James Buchanan's First Ladies, but not the coin for Chester A. Arthur's First Lady, which will instead depict suffragette Alice Paul."@en .corpus213.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_K._Washburn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kevin K. Washburn is the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs at the United States Department of the Interior. He was nominated in August 2012 by President Barack Obama to become Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs. His nomination was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on September 21, 2012. Previously, he served as the dean of the University of New Mexico School of Law.  He is a former federal prosecutor, a trial attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice, and the General Counsel of the National Indian Gaming Commission."@en .corpus214.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Smith_Windsor> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harriet Smith Windsor was the Delaware Secretary of State from 2001 through 2009. Windsor is a Democrat and currently services as the Vice Chair of the Delaware Democratic Party. In 2008 Windsor was an elector for Barack Obama."@en .corpus214.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_colleges_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In the United States, community colleges (once commonly called junior colleges) are primarily two-year public institutions of higher education. Many community colleges also offer remedial education, GEDs, high school degrees, technical degrees and certificates, and a limited number of 4-year degrees. After graduating from a community college, some students transfer to a university or liberal arts college for two to three years to complete a bachelor's degree, while others enter the workforce.In 2012-2013, 7.7 million people attended US community colleges, with about 3.1 million students enrolled full-time, and about 4.6 million students enrolled part-time. During the Great Recession,community colleges faced state budget cuts despite increases in enrollment. As a result, community colleges raised student tuition.  With enrollments decreasing, austerity at community colleges continues  while adjunct professors are paid poverty wages and work precariously from semester to semester. Community colleges received attention in 2015 after President Barack Obama proposed to make community colleges free to many residents of the US in his State of the Union Address. The plan is called \"America’s College Promise.\"  This attention has brought on both praise, scrutiny, and criticism of community colleges and the funding of higher education in general."@en .corpus215.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_McDermott> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Todd McDermott is a television journalist.McDermott is a Buffalo, New York native, and he has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Canisius College in Buffalo.From 2000 to 2004,anchored the 5pm and weekend evening newscasts for the CBS flagship station in New York City, WCBS-TV. His tenure included anchoring coverage of the September 11th, 2001 attacks in Lower Manhattan. From September 2004 until September 10, 2008, McDermott co-anchored the 6 p.m. and 11 p.m. newscast on WUSA (TV) in Washington, DC.  McDermott had been paired with Tracey Neale for the first three years until January 4, 2008, and then was paired with Lesli Foster.  During his time at WUSA, Todd won an Emmy for Best Anchor.  After leaving WUSA, Todd joined WPXI-TV, the NBC affiliate in Pittsburgh, in January 2010 as co-anchor of the weekday morning and noon newscasts. In October 2012, he moved to co-anchor the weeknight newscasts at WPBF, the ABC affiliate in West Palm Beach, Florida. Todd's first day at WPBF was October 22nd, the same day that Lynn University in Boca Raton hosted the third and final presidential debate between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney. McDermott is a 20-year television news veteran, and while working for CBS in New York also reported for and served as an occasional host and anchor for the CBS Early Show and the CBS Morning News."@en .corpus215.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Howard> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Doreen Howard is a Democratic former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, representing the 12th district starting in 2006.She was raised in Newmarket. During her tenure as a state representative, she co-sponsored several bills including legislation for the continued surveillance of Eastern equine encephalitis, New Hampshire Medal of Honor, and respect for funerals.On March 15, 2007, she endorsed Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton in her bid for the presidency. However, after Clinton ended her campaign and endorsed Sen. Barack Obama, Howard decided to support the Republican presidential nominee, Sen. John McCain, saying, \"Both Clinton and McCain put country first and that’s critically important\".Howard served on the State-Federal Relations and Veterans Affairs Committee, and is the regional coordinator for New Hampshire Women's Indoor Tennis.She has a bachelor's degree in dietetics and an associate's degree in culinary arts. She is married with three grown sons."@en .corpus215.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_image_of_Sarah_Palin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sarah Palin, while serving as Governor of Alaska, was nominated as the first female candidate of the Republican Party for Vice President of the United States. Following the nomination, her image came under close media scrutiny, particularly regarding her religious perspective on public life, her socially conservative views, and a perceived lack of experience. Palin's experience in foreign and domestic politics came under criticism among conservatives as well as liberals following her nomination.  A poll taken by Rasmussen Reports just after the Republican National Convention in the first week of September 2008 found that Palin was more popular than either Barack Obama or John McCain; however, this perception later reversed. At the same time, Palin became more popular among Republicans than McCain. A February 2010 ABC News/Washington Post poll showed 71% of Americans felt Palin lacked the qualifications necessary to be President of the United States."@en .corpus215.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newspaper_endorsements_in_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "During the 2008 United States presidential election, newspapers, magazines, and other publications made general election endorsements. As of November 4, 2008, Barack Obama had received more than twice as many publication endorsements as John McCain; in terms of circulation, the ratio was more than 3 to 1, according to the detailed tables below.According to Editor & Publisher magazine, as of November 3, 2008, there were 273 newspapers endorsing Barack Obama compared to 172 for John McCain.  By comparison, the magazine reported that before election day in 2004, John Kerry received 213 endorsements compared to 205 for George W. Bush.UWIRE, in its Presidential Scorecard, reported that Barack Obama led John McCain by 86 to 2 in college newspaper endorsements, as of November 4.The Association of Alternative Newsweeklies reported that Barack Obama led John McCain by 57 to 0 in endorsements among its 123 member newspapers as of October 31, 2008."@en .corpus215.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardian> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Guardian is a British national daily newspaper. Founded in 1821, it was known as The Manchester Guardian until 1959. From its beginnings as a local paper it has grown into a national paper associated with a complex organisational structure and an international multimedia and web presence. The Guardian is currently edited by Alan Rusbridger. Its sister papers include The Observer (a British Sunday paper) and The Guardian Weekly. It has two online outlets based outside the United Kingdom, Guardian Australia and Guardian US.In August 2013, The Guardian in paper form had an average daily circulation of 189,000 copies, behind The Daily Telegraph and The Times, but ahead of The Independent. The newspaper's online edition was the third most widely read in the world as of June 2012. Its combined print and online editions reach nearly 9 million readers.Founded in 1821 by John Edward Taylor in Manchester with backing from the non-conformist Little Circle group of local businessmen, The Manchester Guardian replaced the radical Manchester Observer, which championed the Peterloo Massacre protesters. The paper currently identifies with social liberalism. In the last UK general election in 2010, it supported the Liberal Democrats, who went on to form a coalition government with the Conservatives. The paper is influential in the design and publishing arena, sponsoring many awards in these areas.The Guardian has changed format and design over the years, moving from broadsheet to Berliner. It has become an international media organisation with affiliations to other national papers with similar aims. The Guardian Weekly, which circulates worldwide, contains articles from The Guardian and its sister Sunday paper The Observer, as well as reports, features, and book reviews from The Washington Post and articles translated from Le Monde. Other projects include GuardianFilm, the current editorial director of which is Maggie O'Kane.Notable scoops include the newspaper's breaking of the News International phone hacking scandal in 2011, particularly with the revelation of the hacking of murdered teenager Milly Dowler's phone. The investigation brought about the closure of one of the highest circulation newspapers in the world, the News of the World. The newspaper also broke news of the secret collection of Verizon telephone records held by Barack Obama's administration in June 2013, and subsequently revealed the existence of the PRISM surveillance program after it was leaked to the paper by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden. The Guardian was named newspaper of the year at the 2014 British Press Awards, for its reporting on government surveillance."@en .corpus216.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Colorado,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 4, 2008 as a part of the 2008 United States presidential election throughout all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Voters chose 9 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Colorado was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a margin of victory of 8.95%. Obama took 53.66% of the vote to McCain's 44.71%. The state was heavily targeted by both campaigns, although, prior to the election, all 17 news organizations actually considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a blue state. While George W. Bush narrowly carried the state in 2004, the Centennial State ultimately flipped allegiance to Obama.Key to Obama's victory was Democratic dominance in the Denver area, sweeping not just the city but also the heavily populated suburban counties around Denver, particularly Adams, Arapahoe, and Jefferson counties, as well as winning Larimer County, home to Fort Collins. Obama also took over 70% of the vote in Boulder County, home to Boulder. McCain's most populated county wins were in El Paso County, where Colorado Springs is located, and Weld County."@en .corpus216.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regulatory_responses_to_the_subprime_crisis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Regulatory responses to the subprime crisis addresses various actions taken by governments around the world to address the effects of the subprime mortgage crisis.Regulators and legislators are considering action regarding lending practices, bankruptcy protection, tax policies, affordable housing, credit counseling, education, and the licensing and qualifications of lenders. Regulations or guidelines can also influence the nature, transparency and regulatory reporting required for the complex legal entities and securities involved in these transactions.  Congress also is conducting hearings to help identify solutions and apply pressure to the various parties involved.U.S. President Barack Obama and key advisers introduced a series of regulatory proposals in June 2009. The proposals address consumer protection, executive pay, bank financial cushions or capital requirements, expanded regulation of the shadow banking system and derivatives, and enhanced authority for the Federal Reserve to safely wind-down systemically important institutions, among others.U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner testified before Congress on October 29, 2009. His testimony included five elements he stated as critical to effective reform: Expand the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) bank resolution mechanism to include non-bank financial institutions; Ensure that a firm is allowed to fail in an orderly way and not be \"rescued\"; Ensure taxpayers are not on the hook for any losses, by applying losses first to the firm's investors and including the creation of a pool funded by the largest financial institutions; Apply appropriate checks and balances to the FDIC and Federal Reserve in this resolution process; Require stronger capital and liquidity positions for financial firms and related regulatory authority.The Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was signed into law by President Obama in July 2010, addressing each of these topics to varying degrees.  Among other things, it created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau."@en .corpus216.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countrywide_financial_political_loan_scandal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The  U.S. financial political loan scandal in 2008-2009 involved politicians who allegedly received favorable mortgage rates.In June 2008 Conde Nast Portfolio reported that numerous Washington, DC politicians over recent years had received mortgage financing at noncompetitive rates at Countrywide Financial because the corporation placed the officeholders in a program called \"FOA's\"--\"Friends of Angelo\", Countrywide's Chief Executive Angelo Mozilo. The politicians extended such favorable financing included the  chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, Christopher Dodd (D-CT), and the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, Kent Conrad (D-ND). The article also noted Countrywide's political action committee had made large donations to Dodd's campaign. The largest recipient of campaign contributions from Countrywide, though, was Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA), House Financial Services Committee), who has received $37,500 since 1989.  Dodd has advocated that the federal government, through the Federal Housing Administration, insure up to $300 billion in refinanced mortgages for distressed homeowners.It was reported by the Wall Street Journal on 6 June 2008 that 2 former CEO of Fannie Mae, Franklin Raines and James A. Johnson, who was also an adviser to then-Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama, had received loans from Countrywide. On July 16, 2008, The Washington Post reported that Franklin Raines had \"taken calls from Barack Obama's presidential campaign seeking his advice on mortgage and housing policy matters.\" However, Raines and the Obama campaign both allege that Raines has never advised Obama. See Raines and Obama.On 18 June 2008, a Congressional ethics panel started examining allegations that Democratic Senators Christopher Dodd of Connecticut (the sponsor of a major $300 billion housing rescue bill) and Kent Conrad of North Dakota received preferential loans by troubled mortgage lender Countrywide Financial Corp.Dodd has faced criticism for his role in this scandal from Connecticut's largest newspaper, the Hartford Courant as well as from the Connecticut Republican party. Citizens Against Government Waste (CAGW) named Dodd its June 2008 \"Porker of the Month\" for accepting a preferential mortgage deal from Countrywide Financial which stands to benefit from a mortgage bill he is pushing through Congress.On January 6, 2010, Dodd announced that he would not run for re-election.On January 18, 2011, Conrad announced that he would not run for re-election in 2012, but will instead retire."@en .corpus216.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna's_Law> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Johanna's Law, also known as the Gynecologic Cancer Education and Awareness Act, promotes the education of women to increase awareness of gynecologic cancer, which include ovarian, uterine/endometrial, cervical, vaginal, and vulvar cancers and the risk factors and symptoms. Often, these cancers are far advanced before detection. Increased awareness could lead to earlier detection and reduced morbidity, and could save lives.Senators Arlen Specter and Tom Harkin introduced the Bill in the Senate on June 6, 2005. Senator Barack Obama co-sponsored it. It passed both  Houses of Congress unanimously and was signed into law on January 12, 2007 by George W. Bush.It was named for a school teacher, Johanna Silver Gordon, who died of ovarian cancer in 2000,  aged 58."@en .corpus216.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_turtle> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Post turtle is a phrase that has been used in political discussion of various countries, including the U.S. and Canada, based on an old joke. Various politicians have been referenced by the joke or used the joke, including George W Bush, Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, and Stephen Harper."@en .corpus216.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Woods> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carol Woods (born November 13, 1943) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her roles in Across the Universe (2007), Sweet and Lowdown (1999) and The Honeymooners (2005). In February 2008 she received a standing ovation during the 50th Grammy Awards broadcast singing \"Let It Be\" from the soundtrack of the film Across the Universe, with Timothy Mitchum.Inspired by Barack Obama's campaign and win she has recorded the Grammy Award winner Julie Gold's song \"America\". The CD of America (The Song) made its debut in a Limited Inaugural Edition at the \"Shades of Blue\" Inaugural Gala, hosted by Create the Vision Source in Washington D.C. January 20, 2009. In July 2009, America became available to the public at large.In early 2009 she reprised the role of Matron \"Mama\" Morton in Chicago on Broadway, followed by two weeks at the National Theatre (March 31 - April 12, 2009). She will remain on tour with the show as Matron \"Mama\" Morton through June 2010, returning to the Broadway production in July. She is also recording material for a new CD titled Blues in the Night."@en .corpus216.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009_Philadelphia_Phillies_season> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Philadelphia Phillies' 2009 season was the 127th season in the history of the franchise. The team, managed by Charlie Manuel, began their sixth season at Citizens Bank Park and defense of their 2008 World Series championship on April 5.  After collecting a third straight Eastern Division championship, the Phillies won their second consecutive National League pennant for the first time in franchise history; they were defeated by the New York Yankees in the 2009 World Series.The Phillies posted a second consecutive winning April to open the season with an 11–9 record, but the month was marred by the death of \"legendary\" broadcaster Harry Kalas. After opening the month of May against the rival New York Mets, the Phillies met President Barack Obama to celebrate their World Series victory the previous season, and had two rookie pitchers win consecutive starts for the first time since 2007. Starting pitcher Jamie Moyer earned his 250th career win during the month, while first baseman Ryan Howard and outfielder Raúl Ibáñez became the first Phillies teammates to hit 10 home runs in the same month. Echoing their strong run in the middle of the 2008 season, the Phillies compiled a 16–4 record in late May and early June, which was countered by weakness during interleague play in late June.After the team's largest victory of the season (22–1 over the Cincinnati Reds) in early July, five Phillies—Howard, Ibáñez, second baseman Chase Utley, and outfielders Shane Victorino and Jayson Werth—were selected to the All-Star team. July was the team's best showing of the season, as they compiled their first 20-win month since the 2001 season. The Phillies traded for starting pitcher Cliff Lee at the end of the month to bolster their starting rotation, who won his first five starts with the team, and signed free-agent pitcher Pedro Martínez. In August, Eric Bruntlett turned the first game-ending unassisted triple play in National League history, and the second in team history. The following month, the team clinched its third consecutive division championship on September 30, becoming the first Phillies team to make a third straight playoff appearance since the 1976–1978 Phillies.Philadelphia defeated the Colorado Rockies in the National League Division Series (NLDS), 3–1, and the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Championship Series (NLCS) for the second consecutive year, 4–1. Howard was named the most valuable player of the NLCS. The Phillies were defeated by the Yankees in the World Series, four games to two.Statistical leaders in batting for the 2009 team included Victorino (batting average, .292), Howard (home runs, 45; runs batted in, 141), and Utley (runs scored, 112). For his season accomplishments, Utley won his fourth consecutive Silver Slugger Award. Pitching leaders included right-handed starting pitcher Joe Blanton (innings pitched, 195 1⁄3), left-handed starter J. A. Happ (win–loss record, 12–4), and relief pitcher Brad Lidge (saves, 31). Victorino and shortstop Jimmy Rollins also won Rawlings Gold Glove Awards for their play in the field."@en .corpus217.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Moderator> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Google Moderator is a Google service that uses crowdsourcing to rank user-submitted questions, suggestions and ideas. It was launched on September 25, 2008. The service allows the management of feedback from a large number of people, who can vote for the top questions that they think should be posed and ask their own. The service aims to ensure that every question is considered, lets the audience see others' questions, and helps the moderator of a team or event address the questions that the audience most cares about.Google Moderator was developed by Google engineers Dave S. Young, Taliver Heath, and Colby Ranger in their 20% time, led by project manager Katie Jacobs Stanton.In December 2008, Google Moderator was used by the President-elect Barack Obama's transition team in a public series called \"Open for Questions\", in which they answered questions from the general public. The first series ran for less than 48 hours and attracted 1 million votes from 20,000 people on 10,000 questions. The second series ran for just over a week and attracted 4.7 million votes from 100,000 people on 76,000 questions. In January 2009, Obama appointed Stanton to the newly created position of Director of Citizen Participation."@en .corpus217.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/90th_anniversary_of_the_Latvian_Republic> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The  90th Anniversary of the Latvian Republic was celebrated in 2008. Proclaimed on November 18, 1918, the Latvian republic asserted independence from Imperial Russia. International de jure recognition was obtained on January 26, 1921.In addition to the various domestic and international events organised to celebrate the anniversary, a commentrative stamp and coin were issued to mark the occasion. Various governments issued proclamations congratulating the Latvian republic; The US resolution, backed by Barack Obama, called for the US president to urge Russia to admit the illegality of the Soviet occupation. The 90th anniversary prompted the publication in 2010 of an academic retrospective of the Latvia nation state during the period of the occupation of the Baltic states"@en .corpus217.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazilian_municipal_elections,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Brazilian municipal elections of 2008 were held on October 5 and October 26. Over 130 million voters will choose mayors and city councillors for the 5,565 municipalities of Brazil.Brazilian law allows candidates to run under ballot names different from their legal names. At least six candidates have chosen the ballot name \"Barack Obama\"  and some entrepreneurs use ballot names that make reference to their business."@en .corpus217.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Hall> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jamie Hall is a Canadian author as well as entrepreneur with concentration in digital marketing/app development and television producer/host. Not limited to the field of marketing, Jamie has also volunteered in the political arena on the campaign teams for Winnipeg Mayor Sam Katz and US President Barack Obama."@en .corpus217.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_black_Nobel_laureates> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Nobel Prize is an annual, international prize first awarded in 1901 for achievements in Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine, Literature, and Peace. An associated prize in Economics has been awarded since 1969. Nobel Prizes have been awarded to over 800 individuals, of whom 15 have been black.Blacks have been the recipients in three of six award categories: Peace, Literature and Economics. The first black recipient, Ralph Bunche, was awarded the Peace Prize in 1950. The most recent, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Leymah Gbowee, were awarded their Peace prizes in 2011.Three black laureates —Anwar Sadat, Barack Obama and Ellen Johnson Sirleaf— were presidents of their countries when they were awarded the prize."@en .corpus217.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Feather> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tony Feather is a Missouri-based American political consultant for the Republican National Committee and Republican candidates and campaign who specializes in direct voter contact. Feather is a co-founder, with fellow Republican Jeff Larson of FLSConnect, the leading Republican direct voter contact company in America.  Feather has run campaigns for former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft, and former Missouri attorney general, Bill Webster.Feather is a specialist in \"microtargeting\" voters by phone and other means of \"direct voter contact\" for Republican campaigns and issue-oriented clients.Feather is a co-founder of the Republican 527 group Progress for America, a group that spent millions supporting Bush in 2004, and (with Chris LaCivita) of the American Issues Project (AIP), which has been airing ads in the 2008 presidential election raising questions about ties between Barack Obama and William Ayers. The American Issues Project is organized as a 501(c)(4) nonprofit, so that it can engage in limited amounts of civic campaigning, but cannot legally advocate for or against candidates.Feather, from Sarcoxie, Mo., attended Missouri Southern State University in Joplin and was sports editor of the student newspaper The Chart in the early 1970s."@en .corpus217.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Ayers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Charles \"Bill\" Ayers (born December 26, 1944) is an American elementary education theorist and a former leader in the counterculture movement that opposed U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War. He is known for his 1960s radical activism as well as his current work in education reform, curriculum, and instruction. In 1969 he co-founded the Weather Underground, a self-described communist revolutionary group that conducted a campaign of bombing public buildings (including police stations, the U.S. Capitol Building, and the Pentagon) during the 1960s and 1970s in response to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War.He is a retired professor in the College of Education at the University of Illinois at Chicago, formerly holding the titles of Distinguished Professor of Education and Senior University Scholar. During the 2008 US presidential campaign, a controversy arose over his contacts with candidate Barack Obama.  He is married to Bernardine Dohrn, who was also a leader in the Weather Underground."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Issues_Project> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American Issues Project is a political action group organized as a 501(c)(4) nonprofit, so that it can engage in limited amounts of civic campaigning, but cannot legally advocate for or against candidates. During the United States presidential election, 2008, it became known for commercials linking Barack Obama to former Weather Underground founder William Ayers. The group has received substantial media attention. After Obama came into office, the group concentrated on the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.The AIP was co-founded by conservative political activists Tony Feather (also a co-founder of the conservative 527 group Progress for America) and Chris LaCivita.Funding for AIP, which spent close to $3 million for the Ayers ads, is provided by Harold Simmons, who previously gave $3 million to fund Swift Boat Veterans for Truth and another $500,000 to Progress for America."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wolf_(business)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert Wolf (born March 8, 1962) is Founder and Chief Executive Officer of 32 Advisors.Prior to forming 32 Advisors, Wolf served as President and Chief Operating Officer of UBS Investment Bank,  as well as Chairman and CEO of UBS's Group Americas division. He was a member of UBS's Group Executive Board from 2008-2010.  Mr. Wolf is a friend of United States President Barack Obama.After serving as a major contributor and fundraiser for the Obama 2008 US presidential campaign,Wolf was appointed a member of President Obama's President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness from 2011-2013, and served as a member of the President's Economic Recovery Advisory Board from 2009-2011. Wolf served on the Homeland Security Advisory Council's Border Infrastructure Task Force in 2012, and in June 2013, the White House appointed Wolf to the President’s Export Council. [1]The name 32 Advisors, LLC, pays homage to the number on Wolf's jersey when he played football at the University of Pennsylvania[2]."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Frieden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Thomas R. Frieden has been since 2009 the Director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and Acting Administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR). He was appointed by President Barack Obama. He served as Commissioner of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene from 2002–09."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Mooney_Kirk> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Elizabeth Mooney Kirk (February 23, 1914 – June 29, 2004), known by many as \"Betty\", spent her entire life advancing adult literacy. She worked with Frank Laubach using his \"Each One Teach One\" reading method. She  traveled and taught in India, Africa and the United States. While working in Kenya, she provided the financial support for Barack Obama, Sr. to come to the United States to study.Kirk co-authored many books with Dr. Frank Laubach and son Dr. Robert Laubach, which are still in use for teaching adults to read English. In this role, her work included running a mission boarding school in India and for two years she was head of a project for the British Government in Kenya training teachers and adults to read in some of the tribal languages.Kirk and her literacy associate Helen M. Roberts of Palo Alto often helped find sponsorships for promising Kenyan students to study in the United States. An article by Michael Dobbs in The Washington Post states that Kirk provided most of the financial support during Obama Sr's early years in the United States, according to the Tom Mboya archives at Stanford University. Kirk and Roberts are mentioned in Barack Obama's 1995 book, Dreams from My Father (pg 427 hardcover). Roberts encouraged and supported his many college applications and correspondences, while Kirk provided college recommendation letters.   Kirk and Roberts raised the money necessary for Barack to travel to America.    While Obama attended UH, Helen committed to watching over and financially supporting the family that he had left behind, for as long as she remained in Nairobi.  She accepted this responsibility in spite of her very limited source of income, which consisted of a small social security check each month.Kirk's grandfather was Addison Clark who, with his brother, founded the Addran Male and Female Academy which became Texas Christian University.  She earned master's degrees from George Washington University and Syracuse University. In 1960, she married Elmer LeValley Kirk.  They lived for a time in West Africa before moving to California. Kirk taught school in the Oakland area for many years before retiring to central California."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_House_of_Representatives_elections,_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2010 United States House of Representatives elections, were held on November 2, 2010, as part of the 2010 midterm elections (along with Senate elections), at the midpoint of President Barack Obama's first term in office. Voters of the 50 U.S. states chose 435 U.S. Representatives. Voters of the U.S. territories, commonwealths, and the District of Columbia chose their non-voting delegates.Republicans regained control of the chamber they had lost in the 2006 midterm elections, picking up a net total of 64 seats and erasing the gains Democrats made in 2006 and 2008. Although the sitting U.S. President's party usually loses seats in a midterm election, the 2010 election resulted in the highest loss of a party in a House midterm election since 1938, and the largest House swing since 1948. This also happened to be the Republicans largest gain in House seats since 1938. Republicans gained the most in New York state where they picked up six seats, defeating five incumbents and winning an open Democratic district. The heavy Democratic Party losses were attributed to anger with President Obama, opposition to the Affordable Care Act, large budget deficits, and the weak economy. This was also the third consecutive midterm election in a president's first term where the Republican Party has made gains in the House of Representatives, as well as the second consecutive midterm election where party control of the said chamber changed hands."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate_election_in_Illinois,_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2010 United States Senator elections in Illinois took place on October 2, 2010.  There were 5 ballot items for the same seat: a routine one, to fill the Class 2 seat beginning with the 112th United States Congress beginning on January 3, 2011, and a special item, to fill that seat for the final weeks of the 111th Congress, replacing the temporary appointment of Roland Burris to the vacancy created by Barack Obama's election to the presidency.The election took place alongside 33 other elections to the United States Senate in other states, as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections in Illinois and other states. The registered party primaries for the full term took place on February 2, 2010, the earliest state primary elections: U.S. Congressman Mark Kirk was nominated as the Republican nominee, journalist LeAlan Jones was nominated as the Green nominee, and State Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias was nominated as the Democratic nominee. The Constitution Party and Libertarian Party submitted signatures to be on the ballot but were challenged; the result of the ensuing hearings was the Constitution Party's candidate being denied placement on the ballot but the Libertarian Party's candidate Michael Labno given ballot access.On August 2, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois ruled that the candidates appearing on the ballot for the replacement election will be the ones of the regular election, and that the replacement item will appear after the regular item on the ballot.  Sitting senator Roland Burris would not appear on either ballot item."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate_election_in_Colorado,_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2010 United States Senate election in Colorado took place on November 2, 2010, alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. In December 2008, President-Elect Barack Obama selected incumbent U.S. Senator Ken Salazar to become Secretary of the Interior. After Salazar resigned from his seat, Democratic Governor Bill Ritter appointed Denver Public Schools Superintendent Michael Bennet to fill the seat, who won re-election to his first full term."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Great_and_Mortal_Men:_43_Songs_for_43_U.S._Presidencies> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On September 9, 2008, Standard Recording Company released a triple CD Of Great and Mortal Men: 43 Songs for 43 U.S. Presidencies, a collection penned by songwriters J. Matthew Gerken of Nice Monster, Christian Kiefer, and Jefferson Pitcher (formerly of Above the Orange Trees). The set features a slew of special studio guests including Califone, Rosie Thomas, Bill Callahan (Smog), Alan Sparhawk (Low), Mark Kozelek (Red House Painters, Sun Kil Moon), Marla Hansen (Sufjan Stevens), Steve Dawson (Dolly Varden), Vince DiFiore (Cake), Monahans, James Jackson Toth (Wooden Wand), and Tom Carter (Charalambides).This project initially came about as part of \"February Album Writing Month,\" a website that challenges songwriters to write 14 songs in 28 days. The three songwriters wrote and recorded rough demos of the first 42 songs in February 2006 (leaving only George W. Bush for later). \"It was an amazing challenge to get that many songs written, even split three ways,\" notes Kiefer. \"Blasting the first four or five is easy and then you’ve used up all the ideas that have been floating around and have to come up with new ones. And you have to come up with those new ideas right now.\"It was decided soon after that the project was too interesting to leave in the demo stage and so the recording process began anew with guests coming into the fray as time and schedules allowed. The project is now in its final phases. \"It's a walk through American history and an inquiry into what makes us Americans as filtered through the lens of our highest public office. There's heartbreak and beauty and criticism and revelation. We’re trying to make it work like a big beautiful historical novel.\"The released project includes a 100+ page book featuring individual images of the presidents by 43 different visual artists and illustrators, all hand-selected by art curator Pitcher to be included in the project.Kiefer’s album Dogs & Donkeys (Undertow) appeared to favorable reviews last year and featured guests Alan Sparhawk and Mimi Parker (Low), Nels Cline (Wilco, The Geraldine Fibbers, etc.), and Garth Hudson (The Band). Kiefer and Jefferson Pitcher also saw the release of their collaboration To All Dead Sailors via Australia’s Camera Obscura earlier this year, a project recorded in the midst of the presidential election. Pitcher’s recent concept album I am not in Spain was also released this year on Mudita Records. Gerken’s acoustic indie-math rock quartet Nice Monster is also in the studio recording a follow-up EP to their full-length Good Times + Sharp Knives (Grayscale).Following the 2008 United States Presidential Election, a final song, called \"Someone to Wake,\" was written for Barack Obama and made available for download."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Wall> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tara Wall is an American journalist and media entrepreneur. A former senior media adviser to the Mitt Romney for President campaign, Wall is founder and president at the non-profit PTP Foundation for Media Arts [1] and its parent Princess Tara Productions, LLC. PTP is a multimedia communications consulting firm and production studio where Wall leads creative communications campaigns and media strategy. Additionally, Wall hosts, produces and publishes online video programming including Tara's Two Cents. Tara's Two Cents is a weekly video series that examines media culture, urban politics and social policy from a conservative perspective. Wall first created the video commentary segment in 2003 as creator, executive producer and host of the CBS Detroit program \"Street Beat,\" reintroduced the series as an online video blog at The Washington Times and moved it to its current online platform in 2011. She has produced a number of award-winning documentaries for editorial, non-profit, and corporate entities.A national conservative commentator, Wall is the former columnist, deputy editorial page editor and news anchor for The Washington Times, a daily newspaper founded in 1982. She was a CNN political contributor for the 2008 presidential campaign, a corporate communications executive for health care provider, Amerigroup, Republican National Committee senior adviser,  presidential appointee in the George W. Bush Administration and a former television news reporter extensively covering local politics and education reform. Wall broke the exclusive, infamous \"Mayor's Memo\" story involving Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick in 2002, for CBS Detroit and in January 2009 conducted the final Oval Office interview with President George W. Bush while at The Washington Times. The interview netted Wall an exclusive, above-the-fold story with Mr. Bush's reaction to the announced plan that President-elect Barack Obama would close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility.Wall's public service includes roles as Communications Director and Spokesperson at the Office of the Federal Coordinator for Gulf Coast Rebuilding at the Department of Homeland Security and Director of the Office of Public Affairs (OPA) at the Administration for Children and Families (ACF), within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) from 2007-2008.Prior to her appointments, Wall was a senior adviser and Director of Outreach Communications at the Republican National Committee (RNC) from 2004-2007. Before then, she was a newscaster and talk show host for more than a decade, working up through local television broadcast affiliates in Alpena, Michigan (WBKB-TV; CBS), Lansing, Michigan (WILX-TV; NBC), Grand Rapids, Michigan (WOOD-TV; NBC), St. Louis, Missouri (KDNL-TV; ABC) and Detroit, Michigan (WWJ-TV; CBS). She holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Eastern Michigan University with a major in Telecommunications & Film and a minor in Law & Government.She has received first place and honorable mention awards from PR News in 2009-2010 for her corporate video projects and from the National Association of Black Journalists (NABJ), for her documentaries on race in America in 1997 and 1998."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dola_Kabarry> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kevin Omondi Migot (born c. 1977) better known for his stage name Dola Kabarry is a benga musician from Kenya. He leads the band Orchestra Super Haki Haki. His songs are mainly in Dholuo language.  His father  Barrack Migot led the band Bondo Super Stars. When his father died in 1998, Kabarry took over the band, but left the band soon due to internal rivalry and formed Orchestra Super Haki Haki in 2000. During his early career, he had also played with Okatch Biggy, Awino Lawi and Ouma Jerry among others.Some of his popular songs by 2003 were \"Iwacho Awacha\", \"Adundo Mum\", \"Sella\" and \"Pamela Atoti\"  Other hits include \"Dabed gi Pesa\", \"Isando Chunya\" and \"Maoni ya Raia\".In 2003, Kabarry was voted \"singer of the year\" by the Music Composers Association; the award was shared with Suzzana Owiyo. He won the \"Western benga\" category at the 2006 Kisima Music Awards  and was nominated in 2007. His collaboration song with hip hop group Deux Vultures, \"Adhiambo C\" was also nominated for Kisima Award. Kabarry held a three-month in tour the USA in 2008 and released a new album, Wololo.His song \"Change the World\" is dedicated to US presidential candidate Barack Obama. Kabarry was born in Uhembo village in Alego, Siaya District  and thus comes from the same area as Obama's father, Barack Obama, Sr.He has two wives (Angelina and Jane), three daughters and one son (as of 2008)."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Langford> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anna Langford (1917 – September 17, 2008) was an American politician and lawyer who served on the Chicago City Council in Chicago, Illinois. Langford became the first African American woman elected to the Chicago City Council in 1971. She ultimately served three nonconsecutive terms on the council.Anna Langford was born in Springfield, Ohio to an African-American father and a white mother. Both of her parents died when she was young. The racial discrimination leading to her mother's death impacted Langford's life and her involvement with the Civil Rights Movement. Her mother, who was white, was taken to an Ohioan hospital while suffering from appendicitis. However, when her children, including Anna, who were biracial, came to visit their sick mother, the hospital immediately ordered her transferred to another hospital for African Americans. Langford's mother suffered a burst appendix while en route to the second hospital and did not survive.Langford moved to Chicago after the death of her parents. She graduated from Hyde Park High School and Roosevelt University. She enrolled at John Marshall Law School and became a lawyer in 1956.She became intimately involved in the Civil Rights Movement, both within the Chicago Metropolitan Area and nationwide. Langford met with Martin Luther King Jr. in the living room of her home in 1966 to plan a march on Cicero, Illinois to promote racial integration within the suburb.Langford ran for a seat on the Chicago City Council in 1971 after losing in her first attempt four years earlier. On February 23, 1971, she won and became one of the first two female Chicago aldermen. She was elected to represent the 16th Ward, which encompassed portions of the Back of the Yards, Gage Park and Englewood.Langford lost her re-election bid in 1975. In 1979, her first attempt to regain her old seat failed, but her second attempt, in 1983, succeeded. She was re-elected in 1987 and retired from her seat four years later. In the Chicago City Council reorganization of 1988, Anna Langford became Mayor Pro-Tempore of the Council, a post she held from 1988-1991.In the early 1980s, Langford challenged United States Congressman Harold Washington to run for Mayor of Chicago. She reportedly told Washington that she would run for mayor if he didn't, even going as far as having \"Langford for Mayor\" cards printed to pressure Washington into entering the race. Her persuasion worked; Washington ran for mayor and won in 1983. After Washington's fatal heart attack in 1987, Langford mediated between mayoral hopefuls Aldermen Eugene Sawyer and Timothy C. Evans. Langford ultimately backed Sawyer, who was elected mayor by the Chicago City Council.Langford supported Barack Obama's candidacy for President of the United States during her later life.Anna Langford died of lung cancer on September 17, 2008 at her home in the Englewood neighborhood of Chicago at the age of 90. Langford was survived by her son, Larry Langford, three grandchildren and one great-grandchild."@en .corpus218.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_the_Plumber> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher (/ˈwɜrzəlbɑːkər/; born December 3, 1973), better known by the nickname \"Joe the Plumber\", is an American conservative activist and commentator. He gained national attention during the 2008 U.S. presidential election when, during a videotaped campaign stop in Ohio by then Democratic nominee, Senator Barack Obama, Wurzelbacher asked Obama about his small business tax policy. Obama's response included the statement, \"when you spread the wealth around, it's good for everybody.\" Obama's response was seized upon by conservative media, as well as by Obama's rival, Republican nominee Senator John McCain, as an indication that Obama was interested in the redistribution of wealth and had a socialist view of the economy. Wurzelbacher is a member of the Republican Party.Since he expressed to then Senator Obama that he was interested in purchasing a small plumbing business, Wurzelbacher was given the moniker \"Joe the Plumber\" by the McCain–Palin campaign. The campaign subsequently took him to make several appearances in campaign events in Ohio and McCain often referenced \"Joe the Plumber\" in campaign speeches and in the final presidential debate, as a metaphor for middle-class Americans.Wurzelbacher became a conservative activist, commentator, author and motivational speaker. In 2012, he ran on the Republican ticket to represent Ohio's 9th congressional district in the House of Representatives, losing to Democratic incumbent Marcy Kaptur."@en .corpus219.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopkins_&_Sutter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hopkins & Sutter was a Chicago-based law firm that practiced from 1921 to 2000, when it merged with Milwaukee-based Foley & Lardner. The firm was established by Albert Hopkins and Harry Sutter. Hopkins had worked for two years at the Interstate Commerce Commission and for one year with the predecessor to the Internal Revenue Service while Sutter was tax counsel to the Guaranty Trust Company of New York. In 1923 the firm opened an office in Washington, D.C.. Hopkins also operated an office in Detroit, Michigan. The firm was known for its expertise in tax, insurance, public policy and transportation finance work. In 1990, current U.S. President Barack Obama was a summer associate in the Chicago office. Hopkins & Sutter acquired the lobbying and public policy boutique Leonard, Ralston in 1997.The firm merged with Foley & Lardner in 2000 and all of its 130 attorneys joined that national firm, though many partners have since departed in the years following the merger."@en .corpus219.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._S._Tissainayagam> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jayaprakash Sittampalam Tissainayagam  (known as J. S. Tissainayagam, Tamil: ஜெயப்பிரகாஷ் சிற்றம்பலம் திசைநாயகம்) is a Sri Lankan journalist. He was detained by the Terrorism Investigation Division of the Sri Lanka Police on 7 March 2008. He was held without charge for almost 6 months. He was indicted on politically motivated charges under the draconian Prevention of Terrorism Act for intending to incite communal hatred through writing, and furthering terrorist acts through the collection of money for his publication. On 31 August 2009 he was convicted of the charges by the Colombo High Court and sentenced to 20 years of rigorous imprisonment.After an international outcry where US President Barack Obama called him one of the \"emblematic examples\" of journalist being harassed around the world Tissainayagam was pardoned by Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa on 3 May 2010, World Press Freedom Day."@en .corpus219.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Proposal_08-2> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michigan Proposal 08-2 of 2008 proposes to amend the Michigan Constitution to remove restrictions on stem cell research in Michigan while maintaining the ban on human cloning. Opponents counter that it will raise taxes. The proposal was passed on November 4, 2008 by voters by a 53 - 47% margin.The text of the amendment stated:The proposed constitutional amendment would: Expand use of human embryos for any research permitted under federal law subject to the following limits: the embryos — are created for fertility treatment purposes; are not suitable for implantation or are in excess of clinical needs; would be discarded unless used for research; were donated by the person seeking fertility treatment. Provide that stem cells cannot be taken from human embryos more than 14 days after cell division begins. Prohibit any person from selling or purchasing human embryos for stem cell research. Prohibit state and local laws that prevent,restrict or discourage stem cell research,future therapies and cures.In October, former President Bill Clinton came to Michigan to speak in favor of adopting Proposal 2. The Michigan State Medical Society took a neutral position on this ballot measure, as well as on two other initiatives related to health care at its annual delegates meeting in early May 2008.It was not until after President Barack Obama reversed federal prohibitions on stem cell research in March 2009 that TechTown announced the opening of stem cell research lab in Detroit. However, the opening has been delayed because TechTown has had trouble getting funds and State Senator Thomas George is attempting the weaken the amendment with legislation he has introduced."@en .corpus22.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Perez_Baraquio> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Angela Perez Baraquio Grey (born June 1, 1975), known professionally by her birth name of Angela Perez Baraquio, was crowned Miss America 2001 on October 14, 2000 in Atlantic City, New Jersey, becoming the first Asian American, first Filipino American, and first teacher ever to win the pageant. She participated in the pageant as Miss Hawaii 2000.  A member of a now prominent Hawaii family, she is the eighth of ten children (sixth of seven girls) born to an immigrant couple from the Pangasinan province of the Philippines. A politically conservative, pro-life Catholic, Baraquio has been publicly active in supporting various Republican politicians and in speaking out against abortion. She is also an educator whose platform as Miss America was character education. Since 2004, Baraquio has co-hosted the eponymous Hawaii television show Living Local with the Baraquios. She also helped host the Miss America 2002 pageant and has appeared as a panelist on MTV's Pageant School: Becoming Miss America and on the conservative talk show, Hannity, of the Fox News Channel. Baraquio is also a professional public speaker and author and has worked as a celebrity spokesperson for a Hawaiian bank and a hotel. Married to a Samoan musician Tinifuloa Grey and currently residing in California, she and her husband have four children and have their own business, Isle Entertainment, a Polynesian music and dance troupe in which the couple performs with others for group events. One of her sisters is Hawaiian media personality Bernadette Baraquio Hamada and one of her brothers-in-law (Bernadette's husband) is Hawaiian conservative talk radio show host and columnist, Rick Hamada.      Baraquio graduated from Moanalua High School in June 1994 magna cum laude.  Upon graduation, she attended the University of Hawaii at Manoa where she graduated in May 1999 with a bachelor's degree in elementary education with an emphasis in speech.  From August 1999 to June 2000, Baraquio was a faculty member at Holy Family Catholic Academy in the Salt Lake subdivision of Honolulu. She taught physical education, was athletic director and coached basketball, volleyball and track.  Baraquio was also choir director of the historic St. Augustine Church in Waikiki. Baraquio earned her Master's degree in Educational Administration from the University of Hawaii in December 2004. During her year as Miss America in 2001, Baraquio's platform was character education. In 2002, Baraquio married her high school sweetheart, musician Tinifuloa Grey. They have three sons, Isaiah, Micah, and Jonah, and one daughter, Keilah.  Baraquio has worked as a celebrity spokesperson for First Hawaiian Bank, First Hawaiian Center, and the Four Seasons hotel in Hawaii. Currently, Baraquio and her family live in Anaheim, California. Baraquio is a professional public speaker and is also writing her first book.While Miss America in 2001, Baraquio participated in the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D.C., and was acknowledged by President George W. Bush in his remarks. Bush said, \"Angela, it's wonderful to see you again. Thank you for your testimony and your beauty and your grace.\" In June 2006, President Bush appointed Baraquio to the President's Council on Service and Civic Participation, where she served until November 2008.In 2003, Baraquio hosted a series of television shows for Governor Linda Lingle (R-HI), called \"Talk Story with Your Administration,\" showcasing activities and individuals of the Lingle Administration.The former Miss America was one of Senator Sam Brownback's (R-KS) earliest and most prominent supporters in the 2008 Republican presidential primary season. She formally joined the Brownback campaign December 14, 2006, and served on his presidential exploratory committee, where her main task was promoting the conservative Kansas senator in her native Hawaii. She said she was drawn to the senator's strong opposition to abortion. Baraquio said, \"As a Catholic, I am proud to support this wonderful man who believes in the sanctity of every human life.\" On January 20, 2007, Baraquio introduced Brownback at his presidential campaign kick-off event in Kansas. In her remarks, Baraquio said Brownback \"is a man we can trust to take our values to the White House.\" Brownback withdrew from the presidential race on October 19, 2007, before any primary contests.In late October 2008, shortly before the 2008 presidential election, Baraquio released a brief video (available here on YouTube) for the JustOneJudge campaign, calling on voters to \"vote pro-life\" in order to \"end the reign of Roe v. Wade\" when deciding between Barack Obama and John McCain. She cited the effect \"just one judge\" appointed to the Supreme Court by either man as president could have in terms of retaining or rejecting Roe v. Wade. She said, \"As a teacher and mother I see just how important it is to protect children. Did you know that in the United States, the most dangerous place for a child to be is in the mother's womb? If Roe is not overturned, the children I teach will likely grow up as part of a culture of death, learning that when we had our one real chance to end this atrocity, we didn't do enough.\"Baraquio remains active in speaking out against abortion. CMG Booking an agency which specializes in booking prominent conservative Catholics for public speaking engagements, books Baraquio for events. On her page on CMG's website, Baraquio lists \"Pro-life 'Whole-life' issues\" first among her speaking topics."@en .corpus22.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Daley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For other people with a similar name, see William Daley (disambiguation)William Michael “Bill” Daley (born August 9, 1948) is an American lawyer and former banker.  He served as White House Chief of Staff to President Barack Obama from January 2011 to January 2012. He also served as U.S. Secretary of Commerce from 1997 to 2000 under President Bill Clinton.  His private-sector positions included membership on the Executive Committee of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Until dropping out of the race on September 16, 2013, he was a candidate for Illinois Governor."@en .corpus22.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_E._Varmus> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harold Eliot Varmus (born  December 18, 1939) is an American Nobel Prize-winning scientist and the 14th and current Director of the National Cancer Institute, a post he was appointed to by President Barack Obama. He was a co-recipient (along with J. Michael Bishop) of the 1989 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovery of the cellular origin of retroviral oncogenes.He also serves as one of three co-Chairs of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology."@en .corpus22.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_for_Space_Exploration> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Vision for Space Exploration (VSE) was a plan for space exploration announced on January 14, 2004 by President George W. Bush. It was conceived as a response to the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster, the state of human spaceflight at NASA, and as a way to regain public enthusiasm for space exploration. It was replaced by the Space policy of the Barack Obama administration in June 2010."@en .corpus22.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/France–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "French–American relations refers to the international relations between France and the United States since 1776. France was the first ally of the new United States due to its 1778 treaty and military support in the American Revolutionary War. The relations are part of France–Americas relations. The France-American relationship has been generally peaceful (except for fighting in 1798 and 1942) and is one of the most important for both nations.In 2002, 62% of French people viewed the United States favorably; this number dropped below 50% for each year between 2003 and 2008, due in part to differences between the two countries during the Iraq War. The number has remained consistently above 50% since the election of Barack Obama, peaking at 75% in 2009 and declining slightly down to 69% in 2012. According to a 2014 CNN/ORC International poll, 78% of Americans view France favorably. As of 2013, 64% of French people view the U.S. favorably, increasing up to 75% in 2014."@en .corpus22.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Aparo> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Angie Aparo is an American musician and songwriter from Atlanta, Georgia. He is currently recording an album and touring with his long-time drummer, Derek Murphy.  Aparo began playing in a group called Angie's Hope in the early 1990s before making the decision to go solo. After making that decision, Aparo chose to go out on the road touring with his acoustic guitar in the Southeast. In 1996, he released his first CD Out of the Everywhere, recorded at David Briggs Studio in Nashville, Tennessee with Jim Stabile as engineer. Burnard Tate played drums.In 1999, with Grammy-winning producer Matt Serletic, Aparo released The American.  His single, \"Spaceship,\" hit the radio waves in 2000, and The American also includes his original version of the single \"Cry\", made popular by Faith Hill and featured on her album of the same name. Many songs from The American are also on a live CD 9Live that was released in 2004, from a performance for Atlanta radio station 99X, also featured on 99X Live X 6.  Faith Hill's husband Tim McGraw also covered \"Free Man\" from The American.  It was featured on an iTunes-only soundtrack release for an HBO documentary about the election of Barack Obama.  [1]While stuck in musical limbo due to record label issues, Aparo released Weapon of Mass Construction (2001) (Later re-released under the title One With the Sun), a CD of cover songs taken from varying artists from Beastie Boys to Neil Young and Elton John, as well as two previously unreleased originals. In his own words, \"It was fun, and I got it out of my system.\" [2] In 2003, another album, For Stars and Moon, a Beatles-influenced showcase – was released independently. Most recently, Aparo has put together The Infidels, and is touring the Southeast while recording a new album, \"El Primero Del Tres\" (Spanish for \"The First of the Three\"), with producer Dann Huff. The music has moved in a different direction than his previous recordings.  The Infidels consists of Derek Murphy (The American, 9Live, One With the Sun, For Stars and Moon, Praise Be), Mark Dannells, Martin Lesch (For Stars and Moon), and Shannon Woods.Angie Aparo also sang the song \"Junkyard\" with the Zac Brown Band on their album Pass The Jar – Zac Brown Band And Friends From The Fabulous Fox Theatre in Atlanta (Live)."@en .corpus22.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Shanklin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul Shanklin (born 1962 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American conservative political satirist, impressionist, comedian, and conservative speaker. Shanklin writes and voices the characters for, the songs and satirical comedy segments used by conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh.Shanklin first came to media attention after doing his vocal impersonation of then-President of the United States Bill Clinton for Memphis radio show host \"The Big Kahuna\", Bill Young. Shanklin was brought to the attention of Limbaugh by announcer Johnny Donovan, and was first featured on Limbaugh's show in May 1993.One of Shanklin's most controversial works was his 2007 parody \"Barack the Magic Negro\", in which he impersonates Al Sharpton lamenting that white voters will perceive Barack Obama as a \"magic negro\" and therefore favor Obama for president over him.  This was based on a column titled \"Obama The Magic Negro\" by black columnist David Ehrenstein in the Los Angeles Times. The inclusion of this song on a CD by Republican National Committee chairman candidate Chip Saltsman in 2008 caused consternation among some, that resulted in him withdrawing his candidacy.Shanklin has released a total of 15 albums of political parody and has performed over 1900 parody songs and skits for Limbaugh incorporating over 80 voice impressions."@en .corpus22.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niall_Ferguson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Niall Campbell Douglas Ferguson (/ˈniːl ˈfɜr.ɡə.sən/; born 18 April 1964) is a Scottish historian. He is the Laurence A. Tisch Professor of History at Harvard University. He is also a Senior Research Fellow of Jesus College, University of Oxford, a Senior Fellow of the Hoover Institution, Stanford University and visiting professor at the New College of the Humanities. His specialties are international history, economic history, particularly hyperinflation and the bond markets, and British and American imperialism. He is known for his provocative, contrarian views.Ferguson's books include Empire: How Britain Made the Modern World, The Ascent of Money: A Financial History of the World and Civilization: The West and the Rest, all of which he has presented as Channel 4 television series.In 2004, he was named as one of the 100 most influential people in the world by Time magazine.Since 2011, he has been a contributing editor for Bloomberg Television and a columnist for Newsweek.Ferguson was an advisor to John McCain's U.S. presidential campaign in 2008, and announced his support for Mitt Romney in 2012 and has been a vocal critic of Barack Obama."@en .corpus22.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2004_Democratic_National_Convention> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2004 Democratic National Convention convened from July 26 to 29, 2004 at the FleetCenter (now the TD Garden) in Boston, Massachusetts, and nominated Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts for President and Senator John Edwards of North Carolina for Vice President, respectively, in the 2004 presidential election.The 2004 Democratic National Convention included the featured keynote speech of Barack Obama, then a candidate for the United States Senate from Illinois, who would later go on to become the 44th President of the United States in 2009. New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson served as chairman of the convention, while former presidential advisor to Bill Clinton, Lottie Shackelford, served as vice chairwoman.The 2004 Democratic National Convention marked the formal end of the active primary election season, although all meaningful primary elections had finished months earlier. After the convention, John Kerry and John Edwards were defeated by the incumbent George W. Bush and Dick Cheney in the general election."@en .corpus220.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Under the United States Constitution, the President of the United States is the head of state and head of government of the United States. As chief of the executive branch and head of the federal government as a whole, the presidency is the highest political office in the United States by influence and recognition. The president is also the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces. The president is indirectly elected to a four-year term by an Electoral College (or by the House of Representatives, should the Electoral College fail to award an absolute majority of votes to any person). Since the ratification of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1951, no person may be elected President more than twice, and no one who has served more than two years of a term to which someone else was elected may be elected more than once. Upon the death, resignation, or removal from office of an incumbent President, the Vice President assumes the office. The President must be at least 35 years of age, has to have lived in the United States for 14 years, and has to be a \"natural born\" citizen of the United States.This list includes only those persons who were sworn into office as president following the ratification of the United States Constitution, which took effect on March 4, 1789. For American leaders before this ratification, see President of the Continental Congress. The list does not include any Acting Presidents under the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution.There have been 43 people sworn into office, and 44 presidencies, as Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the 22nd and 24th president. Of the individuals elected as president, four died in office of natural causes (William Henry Harrison, Zachary Taylor, Warren G. Harding, and Franklin D. Roosevelt), four were assassinated (Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfield, William McKinley, and John F. Kennedy) and one resigned (Richard Nixon).George Washington, the first president, was inaugurated in 1789 after a unanimous vote of the Electoral College. William Henry Harrison spent the shortest time in office with 32 days in 1841. Franklin D. Roosevelt spent the longest with over twelve years, but died shortly into his fourth term in 1945; he is the only president to have served more than two terms.  A constitutional amendment, affecting presidents after Harry Truman, was passed to limit the number of times an individual can be elected president. Andrew Jackson, the seventh president, was the first to be elected by white men of all classes in 1828 after most laws barring non-land-owners from voting were repealed. Warren Harding was the first elected after women gained voting rights in 1920. Four presidents – John Q. Adams, Rutherford B. Hayes, Benjamin Harrison and George W. Bush – lost the popular vote but assumed office; Bush was subsequently re-elected with a popular majority. John F. Kennedy has been the only president of Roman Catholic faith, and the current president, Barack Obama, is the first president of African descent."@en .corpus220.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handedness_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The handedness of presidents of the United States is difficult to establish with any certainty before recent decades. During the 18th and 19th centuries left-handedness was considered a disability and teachers would make efforts to suppress it in their students.  For this reason there are few concrete references to determine the handedness of presidents prior to the early 20th century. The first president to be described as left-handed was Herbert Hoover, though this has been disputed.  There is no evidence of any left-handed president before Hoover, although it was said about President James Garfield that he could simultaneously write Latin with his right hand and Greek with his left.  Gerald Ford was also ambidextrous. He described himself as \"left-handed sitting down and right-handed standing up\".  Being forced by his schoolteachers and parents to switch handedness was the case with Harry Truman, according to the biographer David McCullough.Ronald Reagan is also rumored to have been left-hand dominant, but forced by his schoolteachers and parents to switch. There is no documentation of this but there is a good amount of evidence. If true, it would place Reagan in the category of being left handed ambidextrous, meaning he has taught himself to be ambidextrous but he is naturally left handed. Historical photographs of Reagan signing treaties, pacts or pieces of legislation show him signing with his right hand. Additionally, several photographs exist showing Reagan throwing baseballs and footballs as a right-hander. However, Ronald Reagan did wear and display his weapon on his left hip and left hand, when he played a cowboy during his acting career. As of 2014, three out of the last four presidents have been left-handed. Counting as far back as Truman, the number is five (or seven, if the two ambidextrous presidents are included) out of twelve. In the 1992 election, all three major candidates, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Ross Perot, were left-handed. The 1996 election also involved three left-handed candidates: Clinton, Perot, and Bob Dole, who learned to use his left hand after his right hand was paralyzed by a World War II injury. In the 2000 and 2004 Bush, Gore, and Kerry were all right-handed. But, both major-party candidates in the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama and John McCain, were left-handed. And in 2012, Obama beat right handed Mitt Romney. The percentage of the population who are left-handed is about 10%. While some write off the pattern of presidential handedness as a coincidence, others have tried to come up with scientific explanations. According to Daniel Geschwind, a professor of human genetics at UCLA, in 2008: \"Six out of the past 12 presidents is statistically significant and probably means something\".Amar Klar, a scientist who has worked on handedness, says that left-handed people \"have a wider scope of thinking\", and points to the disproportionately high number of Nobel Prize winners, writers, and painters who are left-handed. Michael Peters, a neuropsychologist at the University of Guelph, points out that left-handed people have to get by in a world adapted to right-handers, something which can give them extra mental resilience.The pattern, however, is not replicated in other countries; only two British post-war prime ministers have been left-handed (David Cameron and James Callaghan). Winston Churchill has often been credited with being a left-hander, although he was not."@en .corpus220.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Todd_mugging_hoax> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In October 2008, Ashley Todd, a volunteer for the U.S. presidential campaign of Republican John McCain, falsely claimed to have been the victim of robbery and politically motivated physical assault by a supporter of McCain's Democratic opponent Barack Obama.   The story broke less than two weeks before the 2008 United States presidential election on November 4.  Todd later confessed to inventing the story after surveillance photos and a polygraph test were presented.  She was charged with filing a false police report, and entered a probation program for first-time offenders."@en .corpus220.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Experience_Gospel_Choir> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Total Experience Gospel Choir is a gospel music group based in Seattle, Washington, USA, founded in 1973 by Patrinell \"Pat\" Wright, who continues to lead the group as of 2014. They have sung in at least 38 states and 22 countries, have performed for United States president Bill Clinton, and made at least seven recordings of their own, as well as singing on the song \"Save Me\" on Dave Matthews's CD Some Devil. They have appeared in television commercials (\"to pay our bills\") and on the public radio program A Prairie Home Companion as well as numerous other radio programs. Wright was born in Carthage, Texas. Her father was a Baptist preacher and her mother a schoolteacher. she sang her first solo at the age of 3, and by her 14th birthday, was directing two choirs in her father's church. She graduated as valedictorian from Turner High School in Carthage, Prairie View A&M University in Hempstead, Texas and moved in 1964 to Seattle. She has had an extensive musical career in her own right, and since 1997 has been pastor of the Oneness Christian Center in Seattle, which she co-founded.Wright began the group in 1973 as a gospel music class at Seattle's public Franklin High School. Many lives have been touched, voices lifted in praise, children mentored and at times adopted, and decades passed. For a photo essay see the website www.totalexperiencegospelchoir.org Photo Gallery. [1]More recently, Pastor Wright has earned the nickname \"The Idol Breeder\" and has become once again uniquely dinstinguished after three of her choir members became finalists on the television series American Idol.  Among its former members are American Idol contestant Sanjaya Malakar in 2007, 2004 contestant Leah LaBelle Vladowski, and 2002 contestant Karma Johnson [2]. Until 1992–93, the choir was composed primarily of youth. Since that time, the choir's character has evolved. It currently has members from 6 to 65 years of age. Since Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf Coast Areas of Louisiana and Mississippi in August 2005, Pastor Wright has dedicated many hours for hurricane relief work.  One of her own teenage choir members and her younger brother were caught up in the hurricane while in South Mississippi visiting family. Upon their safe return to Seattle, Pastor Wright and Total Experience Gospel Choir devoted themselves tirelessly to hurricane relief. They visited the areas in August 2006, April 2007, March 2008, and August 2008 helping to rebuild lives and property. While there, they were featured on local television a number of times rebuilding, dedicating and celebrating with  hurricane survivors during the various mission trips.For Pastor Wright's efforts, ABC News World News Tonight named her \"Person of the Week\" in May 2007 as well as one of the \"Persons of the Year\" on a broadcast aired December 27, 2007.  See related links on the website [www.totalexperiencegospelchoir.org].  DirectTV on April 9, 2008 aired their special entitled \"Hometown Heroes\" where Pastor Wright and Total Experience Gospel Choir were honored for their work on the Gulf Coast of MS as well. SCAN TV honored Pastor Wright in February 2008 on local television in their Black History programming where she, along with other local community members, were lauded for their contributions to Black History in the Pacific Northwest.  In October 2007, Pastor Wright and members of Total Experience Gospel Choir traveled to Busan, South Korea where they competed in the Busan International Choral Festival and Competition.  The choir placed \"second\" and won the Silver Medal in \"Ethnic\" and \"Pop\" categories.  There were 36 choirs from 11 countries in the competition.  In 2008, Pastor Wright and Total Experience Gospel Choir participated in the creation of the first of its kind \"campaign CD\" in an effort to help elect President Barack Obama. The CD \"Seven Songs for America and One For The World\" was produced by The Bergevin Brothers. All profits from \"Seven Songs For America...\" go to support Pastor Wright's \"Seattle Artists\" foundation to rebuild the lives and homes of Katrina victims in Mississippi and Louisiana.  For more information about the campaign CD see www.bergevinbrothersmusic.com. [3] [4]"@en .corpus220.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Barnett_(lawyer)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert B. Barnett (born August 26, 1946) is an American lawyer who is a partner at the law firm Williams & Connolly LLP. Barnett is married to Rita Braver, born April 1948, a correspondent with CBS News.Barnett was born in Waukegan, Illinois. He obtained a bachelor's degree from the University of Wisconsin in 1968 and a law degree from the University of Chicago in 1971. He was comment editor for the University of Chicago Law Review and later clerked for John Minor Wisdom and later Byron White on the Supreme Court. An aide to Walter Mondale, he joined the law firm of Williams & Connolly in 1975.Barnett was ranked by The Washingtonian as the #1 Washington, D.C. area lawyer in 2004 and number 10 in 2007.He has represented many influential people including Bob Woodward, Ann Curry, Tim Russert, James Patterson, Barbra Streisand, James Carville, Mary Matalin, William Bennett, Benazir Bhutto, Dan Quayle, Madeline Albright, Larry Summers, Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, George W. Bush, Laura Bush, Dick Cheney, Lynne Cheney, James Baker, Paul Wolfowitz, Karl Rove, Alan Greenspan, Queen Noor, Sarah Palin, David Petraeus, Tony Blair, and Barack Obama.He also served as a practice debate opponent for many Democratic Presidential and Vice-Presidential candidates."@en .corpus220.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_assassination_plot_in_Tennessee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Barack Obama assassination plot in Tennessee refers to an alleged plot by Paul Schlesselman and Daniel Cowart to assassinate Barack Obama, who was then the 2008 Democratic Party presidential nominee. The two men, both of whom held strong white supremacist beliefs, spoke of killing Obama during a planned murder spree of 88 African Americans in Tennessee, many of whom were young students at an unidentified, predominantly black school.Schlesselman and Cowart were arrested on October 22, 2008, and found to be in possession of several weapons. The men told authorities of their planned assassination and killing spree, and said they intended to rob a gun store to obtain additional weapons and commit home robberies to help fund the operation. Although the United States Secret Service said they were taking the plot seriously, authorities were unsure how capable Schlesselman and Cowart were of carrying out the alleged plot. Both plotters pleaded guilty to various federal charges; Judge J. Daniel Breen of the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee sentenced Schlesselman to 10 years imprisonment on April 15, 2010, and Cowart to 14 years in prison on October 22, 2010."@en .corpus220.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_J._Berg> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Philip Jay Berg (born April 13, 1944) is an American attorney who brought a Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) lawsuit charging president George W. Bush and 154 others with complicity in the 9/11 attacks, and another suit challenging the eligibility of Barack Obama to become President of the United States.Berg, whose office is in Lafayette Hill, Pennsylvania, is a former chairman of the Democratic Party of  Montgomery County, in suburban Philadelphia and a former member of the Democratic State Committee. He is a paid life member of the NAACP.He is a former deputy attorney general of Pennsylvania.On June 19, 2013, Berg's license to practice law in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was suspended for two years."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redistributive_change> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Redistributive change is a legal theory of economic justice in the context of U.S. law that promotes the recognition of poverty as a classification, like race, ethnicity, gender, and religion, that should likewise draw extra scrutiny from the courts in matters pertaining to civil rights.The theory was discussed in academia in the wake of Goldberg v. Kelly, a 1970 U.S. Supreme Court case, which decided that due process, such as a notice and a fair hearing, were required when dealing with the deprivation of a government benefit (such as a medical license) or an entitlement (such as welfare payments). However, attempts to promote redistributive change through the courts gained no traction, and the result of Goldberg v. Kelly was thus limited in scope.One of the goals, in light of Brown v. Board of Education, was to promote equality in school funding, but this was specifically rejected by the Supreme Court in San Antonio School District v. Rodriguez (1973) which ruled there was no inherent right to education in the United States.A discussion among two law professors and Illinois State Senator and law lecturer Barack Obama on the topic of civil rights aired on Chicago Public Radio's Odyssey program in 2001. Obama declared in the discussion that redistributive change needs to come through legislation, not the courts, and lamented that the civil rights movement failed to pursue political means to bring such a change about. As a result of Obama's candidacy in the 2008 U.S. Presidential election, the matter became a campaign issue during the final week of the election, fueling a charge made by his opponent, U.S. Senator John McCain, that Obama was a closet socialist."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama_logo> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Obama logo was the flagship symbol of Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign.  The design became one of the most recognized political brand logos during the 2008 U.S. Presidential election, and was used again for Obama's re-election campaign."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six-year_itch> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The six-year itch, according to political scientists, is the pattern which takes place during a US president's sixth year in office. This year is characterized by the nation's disgruntled attitude towards the president and his political party. During this time, there is a midterm election and the party in power usually loses a significant number of seats in Congress.Prior to Reconstruction, the six-year itch saw the President's party gain seats in one house, while losing seats in the other house. Presidents before Reconstruction whose party had this occur:1814 - Democratic-Republican James Madison: Gained 5 seats in the House, but lost 2 seats in the Senate.1822 - Democratic-Republican James Monroe: Gained 34 seats in the House, while the Senate was unchanged.1834 - Democrat Andrew Jackson: Lost 2 seats in the House (the smallest swing in the history of the House), but gained 1 seat in the Senate.Thomas Jefferson was the only two-term President before Reconstruction not to have this occur. In 1806, his party gained 2 seats in the House and gained 1 seat in the Senate. Also, the Republican Party saw strong gains in the midterms of 1866, although President Abraham Lincoln had been assassinated shortly after his reelection two years prior, and Andrew Johnson of the Democratic Party was President at the time: The Republicans gained 40 seats in the House, and gained 18 seats in the Senate (the largest swing in the history of the Senate).After Reconstruction, the six-year itch saw the President's party consistently lose seats in both houses. Presidents since Reconstruction whose party had this occur:1874  - Republican Ulysses S. Grant: Lost 93 seats in the House*, lost 1 seat in the Senate (the smallest swing in the history of the Senate).1894  - Democrat Grover Cleveland (although this was his second term, it was not consecutive with his first): Lost 107 seats in the House* (the largest swing in the history of the House), lost 4 seats in the Senate*.1918  - Democrat Woodrow Wilson: Lost 22 seats in the House*, lost 5 seats in the Senate*.1938 - Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt: Lost 72 seats in the House, lost 7 seats in the Senate.1950  - Democrat Harry S. Truman: Lost 28 seats in the House, lost 5 seats in the Senate.1958  - Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower: Lost 48 seats in the House^, lost 13 seats in the Senate^.1974  - Republican Richard Nixon (although Gerald Ford was President when the elections took place that year): Lost 48 seats in the House^, lost 4 seats in the Senate^. 1986  - Republican Ronald Reagan: Lost 5 seats in the House^, lost 8 seats in the Senate*.2006  - Republican George W. Bush: Lost 30 seats in the House*, lost 6 seats in the Senate*.2014 - Democrat Barack Obama: Lost 13 seats in the House^, lost 9 seats in the Senate*.*: The losses by the President's party resulted in the other party gaining control of this house.^: Although the President's party lost seats, this house was already under the control of the opposition party.Democrat Bill Clinton is the only two-term President since Reconstruction not to have this occur. In 1998, his party gained 5 seats in the House of Representatives and the Senate was unchanged.On only three occasions has the six-year itch caused the President's party to completely lose control of Congress: Grover Cleveland in 1894, Woodrow Wilson in 1918, and George W. Bush in 2006. Conversely, only two Presidents saw their parties maintain control of Congress even after the six-year itch: Democrats Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1938 and Harry S. Truman in 1950. Only two Presidents already had a Congress that was completely dominated by the opposition party by the time of the six-year itch: Republicans Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1958 and Richard Nixon (Gerald Ford at the time of the elections) in 1974. In addition, only one President has ever lost control of one house while keeping the other: Republican Ulysses S. Grant in 1874, who lost the House but kept the Senate. Lastly, only two Presidents have lost one house of Congress due to the six-year itch after already losing the other one: Republican Ronald Reagan in 1986 and Democrat Barack Obama in 2014 (in both cases, their respective parties lost the Senate while the House was already under the control of the opposition party.)Overall, the six-year itch phenomena may be viewed as an extension of the effect where a president's party always loses seats in midterm elections, only to a greater extent than in first-term midterms or single-term midterms. Since Reconstruction, only three Presidents have ever seen their party gain seats in a midterm election: Democrats Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1934 and Bill Clinton in 1998, and Republican George W. Bush in 2002."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeituni_Onyango> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Zeituni Onyango (/zeɪˈtʌni ɔːˈnjɑːŋɡoʊ/ zay-TUN-ee aw-NYAHNG-goh; May 29, 1952 – April 7, 2014) was known as the half-aunt of United States President Barack Obama; she was born into the Luo tribe in Kenya. Born during the British rule of the Protectorate of Kenya, Onyango was the half-sister of Barack Obama, Sr., father to the president. The younger Obama refers to her as \"Aunti Zeituni\" in his 1995 memoir, Dreams from My Father. In 2002 she had applied for political asylum in the United States but was denied. She became notable when her case was leaked in the final days of the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign in which Barack Obama was the Democratic candidate, attracting international media attention.In 2000, Onyango entered the United States on a temporary visa to accompany her son to college; she remained past its expiration date. In 2002 she sought political asylum in the United States, citing ethnic violence, as Kenya and East Africa had suffered an escalation in violence in the 2000s. Her case was denied in 2004. She remained in South Boston, Massachusetts, where she lived in public housing, and retained legal representation to try to gain asylum.Her case highlighted \"the hot-button topic of illegal immigration\" in a presidential race that had avoided it, as well as contradictory rules governing eligibility for public housing in Massachusetts. The Massachusetts Department of Human Services investigated how her case was leaked. There was heightened federal administrative review on asylum deportations until after the 2008 general election. Onyango's case is often cited in light of immigration reform efforts of the Obama administration."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Dean_(conservationist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tony Dean (November 26, 1940 – October 19, 2008) was an American outdoors broadcaster, columnist and conservationist. Dean's (nickname Deeno) real name was Anthony DeChandt.Starting in 1985, Dean had hosted and produced the television show Tony Dean Outdoors, broadcast regionally in the upper Midwestern United States. He recorded several episodes of the show together co-hosted with Jason Mitchell for Tony Dean Outdoors prior to Mitchell's purchase of the program, now known as Jason Mitchell Outdoors. Dean also produced the daily radio show \"Dakota Backroads\" for nearly two decades and wrote columns for the Argus Leader, the daily newspaper of Sioux Falls, South Dakota.His programs received more than 160 regional and national awards. Dean served as a press secretary for former Governor of South Dakota, Republican Frank Farrar.Dean supported candidates based on their stands on the issue of conservation, and he was criticized for his support of Democratic senator Tim Johnson and later for his support of the  presidential campaign of Barack Obama, who Dean felt had the insight to appreciate the issues of land conservation. His wife indicated that one of the last things Dean had done before his attack of appendicitis was to film a series of commercials for Obama's campaign. She further noted that Dean would have served on the transition team in the event of an Obama victory.Dean died on October 19, 2008 after complications from an appendicectomy. He had had his appendix removed in an operation in September 2008 in Pierre, South Dakota and was moved to a hospital in Sioux Falls, South Dakota to address complications. He died in the living room of his home overlooking the Missouri River, together with members of his immediate family.Senator Johnson eulogized Dean for \"his advocacy on behalf of conservation and sportsmen alike\", noting that \"[h]e understood the right balance\"."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Last_Night..._(South_Park)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"About Last Night…\" is the twelfth episode of the twelfth season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 179th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 5, 2008. In the episode, a fictionalized Barack Obama wins the presidential election against John McCain, and the mass hysteria that ensues from rival supporters serves as a guise for the two candidates to complete their true combined objective: an Ocean's Eleven-esque jewel heist.The episode was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker, and was rated TV-MA L in the United States. Rather than focus the episode's plot as satiric commentary on modern politics, the duo instead decided to create an absurd, action-movie plot. The episode includes elements of Obama's victory speech, which took place only 24 hours before the episode was set to air. As it became clear Obama was a clear favorite to win the election, only one version of the episode was produced, with him the victor. Had McCain won the election, Parker and co-creator Matt Stone intended to do a drunken commentary over the original version, poorly dubbing over lines.While many commended the episode's timeliness, it received mixed reviews."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newspaper_endorsements_in_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2008,_for_John_McCain> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "During the 2008 United States presidential election, newspapers, magazines, and other publications made general election endorsements. As of November 4, 2008, Barack Obama had received more than twice as many publication endorsements as John McCain; in terms of circulation, the ratio was more than 3 to 1, according to the detailed tables below.  In summary:According to Editor & Publisher magazine, as of November 3, 2008, there was 273 newspapers endorsing Barack Obama compared to 172 for John McCain.  By comparison, the magazine reported that before election day in 2004, John Kerry received 213 endorsements compared to 205 for George W. Bush.UWIRE, in its Presidential Scorecard, reported that Barack Obama led John McCain by 86 to 2 in college newspaper endorsements, as of November 4.The Association of Alternative Newsweeklies reported that Barack Obama led John McCain by 57 to 0 in endorsements among its 123 member newspapers as of October 31, 2008.For a full list of newspapers that have endorsed Barack Obama, see Newspaper endorsements in the United States presidential election, 2008, for Barack Obama.For a summary of endorsements and a list of newspapers that have chosen not to endorse a candidate, see Newspaper endorsements in the United States presidential election, 2008."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newspaper_endorsements_in_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2008,_for_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "During the 2008 United States presidential election, newspapers, magazines, and other publications made general election endorsements. As of November 4, 2008, Barack Obama had received more than twice as many publication endorsements as John McCain; in terms of circulation, the ratio was more than 3 to 1, according to the detailed tables below. In summary:According to Editor & Publisher magazine, as of November 3, 2008, there was 273 newspapers endorsing Barack Obama compared to 172 for John McCain. By comparison, the magazine reported that before election day in 2004, John Kerry received 213 endorsements compared to 205 for George W. Bush.UWIRE, in its Presidential Scorecard, reported that Barack Obama led John McCain by 94 to 2 in college newspaper endorsements, as of November 4.The Association of Alternative Newsweeklies reported that Barack Obama led John McCain by 57 to 0 in endorsements among its 123 member newspapers as of October 31, 2008.For a full list of newspapers that have endorsed John McCain, see Newspaper endorsements in the United States presidential election, 2008, for John McCain.For a list of newspapers that have chosen not to endorse a candidate, see Newspaper endorsements in the United States presidential election, 2008."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Tolbert> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Terence D. Tolbert (1964 – November 2, 2008) was an American political operative who was the Nevada state director for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign and an aide to Joel Klein, the New York City School Chancellor. Tolbert's death came two days before the 2008 presidential election, and the same day as Obama's grandmother."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Future:_A_History> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American Future: A History is a four-part documentary series written and presented by Simon Schama which aired on BBC Two in the UK during October 2008, in the run up to the 2008 US presidential election. The first episode was broadcast on BBC Two at 9:00pm on 10 October 2008, and it was shown over four consecutive Fridays.The series saw Schama travelling through the United States as he investigated the conflicts from its past in order to understand the country's contemporary political situation. Schama presents and discusses both presidential candidates, Democratic Barack Obama and Republican John McCain from a historical point of view, emphasizing strongly the former. The documentary takes viewer to an epic journey through the history of the modern United States, but it also why Schama personally believed Barack Obama would be the ideal choice as the next president of the United States."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_House_of_Representatives,_District_120> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 120th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Luzerne County and includes the following areas:During the 1990s, the district was predominantly Republican, especially in the towns of Kingston, West Pittston, and Shavertown. In recent years, the district has become increasingly Democratic. 57 percent of voters in the district are registered Democrats. It is a district that was carried by Al Gore in 2000, John Kerry in 2004, and Barack Obama in 2008. However, Republican Tom Corbett won the district in his race for governor in 2010. In 2012, President Obama won 55 percent of the district electorate. Kingston has been mostly Democratic since the late 2000s, West Pittston is now evenly split between the two parties, and Shavertown is only narrowly Republican now. The current state representative for the district, lifelong Kingston resident Aaron Kaufer, is a Republican. He easily won his first election in November 2014 by a 56% to 44% margin over Democrat Eileen Cipriani of West Wyoming. Kaufer succeeded longtime Democratic representative Phyllis Mundy, who represented the district for 24 years before retiring in 2014. The home seat of the district is Kaufer's hometown of Kingston, by far the largest municipality in the district."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_transition_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The presidential transition of Barack Obama began when he won the United States presidential election on November 4, 2008, and became the President-Elect. He was formally elected by the Electoral College on December 15, 2008. The results were certified by a joint session of Congress on January 8, 2009, and the transition ended when he was inaugurated at noon on January 20, 2009."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Nixon_Cooper> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ann Louise Nixon Cooper (January 9, 1902 – December 21, 2009) was a centenarian mentioned in United States President-elect Barack Obama's November 2008 election speech as a representative of the change in status African Americans had undergone during the past century and more in America. Before that, she was a noted member of the Atlanta African-American community and an activist for civil rights."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Presidency of Barack Obama began at noon EST on January 20, 2009, when he became the 44th President of the United States. Obama was a United States Senator from Illinois at the time of his victory over Arizona Senator John McCain in the 2008 presidential election. Barack Obama is the first African-American president of the United States, as well as the first born in Hawaii.His policy decisions have addressed a global financial crisis and have included changes in tax policies, legislation to reform the United States health care industry, foreign policy initiatives and the phasing out of detention of prisoners at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba. He attended the G-20 London summit and later visited U.S. troops in Iraq. On the tour of various European countries following the G-20 summit, he announced in Prague that he intended to negotiate substantial reduction in the world's nuclear arsenals, en route to their eventual extinction. In October 2009, Obama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for \"his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples.\"He was elected to a second term on November 6, 2012. Having defeated Republican challenger Mitt Romney by winning 65.9 million popular votes and 332 electoral votes, he set forth his second term goals in his victory speech. He stressed the need to fight income inequality while also dealing with adaptation to global warming as well as reforming American education to promote technology and innovation, saying, \"We believe in a generous America\"."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_reaction_to_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article lists international reaction to the 2008 United States presidential election, in addition to Barack Obama's election as the 44th President of the United States on November 4, 2008 and his inauguration on January 20, 2009."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_election_victory_speech,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Following his victory in the United States presidential election, 2008, President-elect Barack Obama gave his victory speech at Grant Park in his home city of Chicago, Illinois, on November 4, 2008, before an estimated crowd of 240,000. Viewed on television and the Internet by millions of people around the globe, Obama's speech focused on the major issues facing the United States and the world, all echoed through his campaign slogan of change. He also mentioned his grandmother, who had died two nights earlier."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Gips> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Donald H. Gips, born February 1, 1960, was U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of South Africa from 2009-2013. Ambassador Gips was appointed by President Barack Obama on June 4 and confirmed by the Senate on July 7, 2009. He presented his credentials to South African President Jacob Zuma on October 1, 2009. He served until January 2, 2013.He currently serves as an advisor at Albright Stonebridge Group a strategic advisory firm Previously he was the Divisional Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development for Level 3 Communications. and Director of Mindspeed Technologies, Incorporated.  He was also on the advisory board for President Barack Obama's presidential transition team.In the late 1990s Gips served as the United States Vice President Al Gore's Chief Domestic Policy Advisor. Previously, he was the chief of the Federal Communications Commission’s international bureau.Gips raised over 500,000 dollars for President Obama's 2008 Presidential Campaign, and was one of his top \"bundlers\".He is married to Elizabeth Gips and has three sons: Sam, Peter and Ben.  Gips is a graduate of Princeton Day School, Harvard College, and the  Yale School of Management."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Gitenstein> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark Henry Gitenstein is a retired American politician who served as the United States Ambassador to Romania. He was nominated by President Barack Obama on June 11, 2009  and confirmed by the United States Senate on July 8, 2009.As of December 14, 2012 he has completed his diplomatic assignment and has returned to private life in the United States."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Manetoali> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Samuel Manetoali (born January 24, 1969) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents the Gao Bugotu constituency in Isabel Province. He attended Lepi Primary School and then went on to do his secondary education at the prestigious King George Sixth National School in Honiara. He attended law school at the University of Papua New Guinea and graduated with an LLB degree and further unspecified qualifications from the University of Tasmania and University of South Australia.[1] Prior to entering politics he worked in the country's Public Solicitors Office, then he worked as a private lawyer and a legal adviser to the Isabel Provincial Government. He first entered parliament in the 2006 general election and re-elected in the 2010 general election.[2].  He served as the Solomon Islands' Minister of Police, National Security and Correctional Services in Prime Minister Derek Sikua's Cabinet until May 2009, when he was transferred to the position of Minister for Lands, Survey, and Housing. Following the 2010 general election, he remained in Cabinet, under new Prime Minister Danny Philip, as Minister for Tourism and Culture. In this year's (2014) general election which was held on the 19th November, he was voted in again for the third term with a landslide victory.  [3]. He contested as an independent candidate in last week's election.[4]. As a lawyer, many people had expected more from him seeing that many world leaders including Barack Obama and Tony Abott are lawyers by profession and he appears to be a potential candidate for the prime minister's post given his experience as a politician (3 terms including the current term) and his noble profession. His current success in the recent election could be attributed to projects such as mini-fisheries projects that he established in the various villages in his constituency. He also helped the villages and communities by giving handouts such as roofing irons, outboard motor engines, fiber boats, solar panels, cash money and other form of support as a way to maintain and broaden his support. He also supported local tourism in his constituency by giving financial help to tourism operators such as on Sigana Island,albeit, tourism is still at its infant stage in his constituency. His other elixir to maintain his popularity and support is through facilitating and sending Bamboo Bands/groups notably the Hageulu bamboo band overseas for the promotion of tourism and culture for the country and he managed to do that in his capacity as the minister of Tourism and Culture in the Lilo-led government. He was also instrumental in establishing the Gao-Bugotu Cultural Festival initially held in Huali Village in Gao and in Sepi/Lepi Villages in Bugotu. He also appears to be a down to earth person as whenever he visited villages he always have time to talk, chat and mingle with youths and young people. Furthermore, he loves to chew betlenut and a frequent smoker and during his visit to the villages, he often shared betlenut, smokes and at times bought alcohol or beer for the young people or his supporters. From observation, he has done many things better than his predecessors ,however, he should have done more especially in asking or lobbying in the government for national projects such as building of a vehicle road which is key to development in Isabel which is also the longest island in the country with barely no vehicle road. As lobbying for the formation of the new government intensifies, it is unsure which political grouping or camp he is part of but it would not be surprising if he teamed up with a likely PM contender Manasseh Maelanaga as they were said to be close allies."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_opinion_polling_for_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article lists international opinion polls taken in various countries around the world during 2008 relating to the United States presidential election, 2008.  Most polls measured foreign preference for Democratic candidate Barack Obama and Republican candidate John McCain.  For international reaction to the election, see International reaction to the United States presidential election, 2008."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States presidential election of 2012 was the 57th quadrennial presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012. The Democratic nominee, incumbent President Barack Obama, and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, were re-elected to a second term, defeating the Republican nominee, former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney, and his running mate, Representative Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.As the incumbent president, Obama secured the Democratic nomination with no serious opposition. The Republican Party was more fractured; Mitt Romney was consistently competitive in the polls, but faced challenges from a number of more conservative contenders whose popularity each fluctuated, often besting Romney's. Romney effectively secured the nomination by early May as the economy improved, albeit at a persistently laggard rate. The campaign was marked by a sharp rise in fundraising, including from new nominally independent Super PACs. The campaigns focused heavily on domestic issues: debate centered largely around sound responses to the Great Recession in terms of economic recovery and job creation. Other issues included long-term federal budget issues, the future of social insurance programs, and the Affordable Care Act. Foreign policy was also discussed including the phase-out of the Iraq War, the size of and spending on the military, preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons, and appropriate counteractions to terrorism.Obama would go on to win a clear victory over Romney, winning both the popular vote and the electoral college, with 332 electoral votes to Romney's 206. He became the eleventh President and third Democrat to win a majority of the popular vote more than once. Obama carried all states and districts (among states that allocate electoral votes by district) that he had won in the 2008 presidential election except North Carolina, Indiana, and Nebraska's 2nd congressional district."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuel_Economy_Reform_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Fuel Economy Reform Act was a bill (S. 3694 in the 109th United States Congress and S. 767 and S. 768 in the 110th United States Congress) sponsored by seven Democrats and four Republicans including Barack Obama and Richard Lugar.  It set a goal of raising mandated Corporate Average Fuel Economy fleet standards by 4% per year, approximately one mile per gallon.  The bill also provided tax incentives for retooling production.  Fuel economy increases were subject to the authority of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, part of the executive branch.  Thus Obama and Lugar remarked upon introducing their bill, \"Mr. President, we embrace the call upon Congress to improve the executive branch's authority to reform and strengthen fuel economy standards.\"These bills were introduced in the Senate, but did not pass.  (see list of bills sponsored by Barack Obama in the United States Senate)  However, according to Obama's advisors, \"virtually the exact same set of proposals\" were enacted by Congress 18 months later in December 2007, when the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 was passed."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Lu> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Christopher P. Lu (simplified Chinese: 卢沛宁; traditional Chinese: 盧沛寧; pinyin: Lú Pèiníng; born June 12, 1966) is the United States Deputy Secretary of Labor. He also served as Assistant to the President and Cabinet Secretary for United States President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2013, as well as the co-chair of the White House Initiative on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. Lu graduated from the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University and from Harvard Law School, where he was a classmate of Obama's. After serving briefly as an advisor on Senator John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign, Lu began working for Barack Obama in 2005 in his U.S. Senate office, where Lu served as legislative director and acting chief of staff. Following Obama's successful 2008 campaign for presidency, Lu was appointed executive director of the Obama-Biden Transition Project. When Obama appointed Lu as Cabinet Secretary, The New York Times described him as \"one of the highest-ranking Asian Americans in the Obama administration\"."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_Supreme_Court_candidates> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "President Barack Obama has made two successful appointments to the Supreme Court of the United States. The first was that of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Associate Justice David H. Souter. Sotomayor was confirmed by the United States Senate on August 6, 2009, by a vote of 68–31. The second appointment was that of Solicitor General Elena Kagan to replace John Paul Stevens. Kagan was confirmed by the United States Senate on August 5, 2010, 63–37. Speculation has also focused on the potential retirement of 81-year-old Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_New_Day_(Will.i.am_song)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"It's a New Day\" is the third single from the political compilation album, Change Is Now: Renewing America's Promise, produced and organised by rapper and producer will.i.am. It was released on November 7, 2008. Will performed the song for the first time on The Oprah Winfrey Show. The song was written as a tribute to President Barack Obama's victory. It was used in an episode of the second season of Gossip Girl. A parody of the song was featured on the Boondocks episode \"It's a Black President, Huey Freeman.\" It was titled \"Dick Riding Obama\", and featured will.i.am, rapper Thugnificent, Gangstalicious and a George Clooney lookalike debating whether Obama's victory was really a success. A scene from the episode was released on YouTube before the episode aired as a form of viral marketing."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Strautmanis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael Strautmanis (born March 24, 1969) is an American lawyer. President-Elect Barack Obama announced on December 5, 2008, that Strautmanis would serve as Chief of Staff to Valerie Jarrett who is to be the Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Relations and Public Engagement.  He served as Chief Counsel and the Director of Public Liaison and Intergovernmental Affairs on Obama's presidential transition team.In March, 2013, he announced his resignation from the White House staff in order to accept a post with the Walt Disney Corporation specializing in corporate citizenship.Previously Strautmanis served the Clinton administration as Chief of Staff to the general counsel at the United States Agency for International Development, and then-U.S. Congressman Rod Blagojevich as legislative director. He worked for the American Association for Justice.A Chicago, Illinois native, Strautmanis was educated at the law school of the  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. He started his legal career as a paralegal at the Sidley, Austin law firm, where he met the Obamas."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servicemember's_Access_to_Justice_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Servicemembers Access to Justice Act of 2008 (SAJA) (S. 3432) was introduced on August 1, 2008 by Senators Barack Obama, Edward Kennedy and Robert Casey. The bill was an attempt to ensure that returning reservists keep their jobs and employment benefits as required under current law.  The bill  was referred to committee and failed to become law in the 110th Congress.Specifically, SAJA would have made it easier for servicemembers to obtain justice when their employment rights are violated by prohibiting employers from requiring servicemembers to give up their ability to enforce their rights under the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA) in court in order to get or keep a job. It also would have added minimum liquidated damages for willful violations and punitive damages for violations committed with malice.SAJA was an attempt by its supporters to restore what they believe was the original intent of Congress to protect servicemembers under USERRA by making it clear that USERRA prohibits employers from paying lower wages to servicemembers simply because of their status as a servicemember, veteran, or applicant to be a servicemember."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Harwell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Beth Halteman Harwell (born July 24, 1957, in Norristown, Pennsylvania) is the current Speaker of the House in the Tennessee House of Representatives. She serves as Tennessee State Representative from Nashville and former Chairman of the Tennessee Republican Party from 2001 through 2004.  A longtime member of the Tennessee House of Representatives since 1988, Harwell was a ranking Republican in the House (former Minority Whip) and Commerce Committee chairwoman. She is the first woman to serve as Tennessee's Speaker of the House.In 1978 Harwell received her Bachelor of Arts from Lipscomb University. She received a Ph.D. from Vanderbilt University. She is married to Samuel Harwell. The couple has three children.Harwell received the Small Business award from the National Federation of Independent Business.Harwell explored a run for the 2006 U.S. Senate race; however she finally decided against seeking that seat. In May 2007 Harwell said that she was considering running in the 2010 state gubernatorial election.In the 2008 presidential election, Harwell was the state co-chair for John McCain's presidential campaign. McCain won 56.9% of Tennessee's popular vote against Democrat Barack Obama. During the elections, the Republican Party gained control of both the Tennessee Senate and House for the first time since Reconstruction. In January 2009, Harwell was named chairwoman of the Commerce Committee."@en .corpus221.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois's_5th_congressional_district_special_election,_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A special election was held in Illinois's 5th congressional district in 2009 to fill the seat vacated by Rahm Emanuel. On April 7, Democratic nominee Michael Quigley defeated Republican nominee Rosanna Pulido and Green nominee Matt Reichel. Quigley was sworn in on April 21 and will serve out the current congressional term.Emanuel officially resigned from the House of Representatives, effective January 2, in a letter to his constituents and Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich.  Emanuel was named White House Chief of Staff by incoming President-elect Barack Obama.  Emanuel was first elected to Congress from Illinois's 5th congressional district in 2002.  His resignation followed being re-elected to a fourth term.The governor's office announced that a special primary election would be held on March 3 and special general election would be held on April 7.  State law requires the governor to set a date for a congressional special election within five days of a vacancy being created. State law mandates that a general election must be held within 115 days of the vacancy.  In an effort to cut costs and help save money, the date of the special general election coincided with municipal elections scheduled in Chicago, Cook County, and surrounding metropolitan areas.There were 24 candidates representing three political parties in the March 3 special primary election. The Democrats had 13 candidates; the Republicans had six candidates; and the Greens had five candidates.Quigley, a 50-year-old Cook County commissioner, won the Democratic Party's primary with 22% of the vote. He defeated a strong field of Democrats, including state representatives John Fritchey (District 11) and Sara Feigenholtz (District 12), physician Victor Forys, and Chicago City Council alderman Patrick J. O'Connor (40th Ward).Pulido, a Mexican-American and director of the Illinois Minuteman Project, won the Republican Party's primary with 25% of the vote. She defeated a handful of local businessmen, including Tom Hanson, David Anderson, Gregory Bedell, Daniel S. Kay, and Jon Stewart.Reichel, a 27-year-old activist and political operative, won the Green Party's primary with 34% of the vote. He defeated four other candidates for the party's nomination. Reichel's margin of victory over fellow Green Party nominee Deb Gordils was extremely small—only 11 votes. Reichel won with 166 compared to Gordils' 155.Nearly a month after the primaries, the three candidates took part in the April 7 special general election. Democratic Party candidate Michael Quigley defeated Republican Party candidate Rosanna Pulido and Green Party candidate Matt Reichel. Quigley won with 30,561 votes (69.2%); Pulido had 10,662 (24.2%) and Reichel had 2,911 (6.6%).The election did not receive a great deal of coverage, due to the district's heavy Democratic lean. The Republican Party did not put up a top-tier candidate, acknowledging that they were not even focusing on the race  This is highlighted in the fact that the Republican nominee was the founder of an anti-illegal-immigration group, running in a district that is one-quarter Hispanic. The real fight was for the Democratic nomination, which would almost assure being elected to Congress. In fact, over 12,000 more votes were cast in the Democratic Primary than there were in the general election."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._McCormick> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John McCormick is a Bloomberg News reporter based in Chicago who covers national politics and government. He followed Barack Obama's presidential bid from its start in February 2007 and traveled with the candidate to nearly 40 states while working for the Chicago Tribune. Obama and McCormick developed a friendly rapport during the campaign.  In August 2008, McCormick asked Obama if he was still \"shopping\" for a vice president. Obama's rebuke was, \"John, how long did it take you to think of that question?\" On Nov. 7, 2008, during the Q&A portion of a news conference  carried live on all major U.S. television networks, the then-president-elect allowed a handful of reporters to ask questions. Then, looking at the list of potential questioners on his podium, Obama smiled and called out, \"Where is John McCormick?\". McCormick's question was about the Senate seat Obama was vacating and whether he had any advice for the Illinois governor who, by statute, would be naming Obama's successor in the U.S. Senate. A testier exchange  took place on Dec. 16, 2008, when the reporter asked Obama about a list of favored potential replacements for his senate seat that had reportedly been given by his aides to then Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich. The Washington Post made mention of the exchange in a column by Dana Milbank.McCormick is not to be confused with John P. McCormick, a deputy editorial page editor for the Chicago Tribune whom Blagojevich allegedly pressured the Tribune to fire in November and December 2008."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra_Butts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cassandra Quin Butts (born August 10, 1965) is a United States lawyer, policy expert and former Deputy White House counsel. On December 23, 2008, Butts was selected by President-elect Obama to serve as Deputy White House Counsel, focusing on domestic policy and ethics. She was also on the advisory board for then-president-elect Barack Obama's presidential transition team.  She stepped down as Deputy White Counsel in November 2009 and now serves as Senior Advisor in the Office of the Chief Executive Officer at the Millennium Challenge Corporation. In February 2014, Obama nominated her to be the ambassador to the Bahamas, but as of February 1, 2015 the Senate has yet to confirm her to the post."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Barnes> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Melody C. Barnes (born April 29, 1964, Richmond, Virginia) was chosen by President Barack Obama to serve as the Director of the Domestic Policy Council for his administration. Obama announced her appointment on November 24, 2008. She was previously Executive Vice President for Policy at the Center for American Progress and led the CAP's Faith and Progressive Policy Initiative. She left the CAP in June 2008 to work on the Obama campaign. She also served on the advisory board for the Obama presidential transition team,."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiracial_American> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Multiracial Americans are Americans who have mixed ancestry of \"two or more races\". The term may also include Americans of mixed-race ancestry who self-identify with just one group culturally and socially (cf. the one-drop rule). In the 2010 US census, approximately 9 million individuals, or 2.9% of the population, self-identified as multiracial. There is evidence that an accounting by genetic ancestry would produce a higher number, but people live according to social and cultural identities, not DNA. Historical reasons, including slavery creating a racial caste and the European-American suppression of Native Americans, often led people to identify or be classified by only one ethnicity, generally that of the culture they were raised in. Prior to the mid-20th century, many people hid their multiracial heritage because of racial discrimination against minorities. While many Americans may be biologically multiracial, they often do not know it or do not identify so culturally, any more than they maintain all the differing traditions of a variety of national ancestries.After a period of racial segregation in the former Confederacy following the Reconstruction Era, and bans on interracial marriage in various parts of the country, more people are forming interracial unions again. Social conditions have changed and it is no longer seen as socially advantageous to try to \"pass\" as white. In addition, increasingly diverse immigration has brought more mixed-race people into the United States, such as the large population of Hispanics self-identifying as Mestizos. In addition, since the 1980s, the United States has had a growing multiracial identity movement (cf. Loving Day). Because more Americans have been embracing their mixed racial origins in recent decades, the 2000 census for the first time allowed residents to identify as multiracial by checking more than one ethno-racial identity. In 2008 Barack Obama was elected as the first multiracial President of the United States; he has an acknowledged multiracial background and identifies as African American.Today, multiracial individuals are found in every corner of the country. Multiracial groups in the United States include African Americans, Louisiana Creoles, Métis Americans, Mestizo Americans, Hapas, Melungeons, Lumbees, Houmas, and several other communities found primarily in the Eastern US."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unified_Smart_Grid> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Unified National Smart Grid is a proposal for a United States wide area grid that is a national interconnected network relying on a high capacity backbone of electric power transmission lines linking all the nation's local electrical networks that have been upgraded to smart grids.  Europe's analogous project is sometimes referred to as the SuperSmart Grid, a term that also appears in the literature describing the Unified Smart Grid.President Barack Obama asked the United States Congress \"to act without delay\" to pass legislation that included doubling renewable energy production in the next three years and building a new electricity \"smart grid\"."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Schiliro> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Phil Schiliro is an American political consultant and strategist.  He has spent much of his career on the staff of prominent elected officials, including President Barack Obama. He has held four different positions under President Obama. Before the President took office, Schiliro was director of congressional relations for Obama's presidential transition team. From 2009 to February 2011, he served as Assistant to the President and Director of Legislative Affairs. From February to December 2011 he was an Assistant to the President and Special Advisor. He left to become a private consultant. In December 2013 the White House announced that he was rejoining the President's staff on a short-term basis to work on health care issues. He stepped down in May 2014.From the early 1980s until 2008, he served in a number of congressional staff positions, notably as Democratic Chief of Staff for the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and as chief of staff to Representative Henry Waxman. In 2004, he worked as policy director for Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle.Schiliro is a graduate of Hofstra University and Lewis & Clark Law School, where he was editor-in-chief of the law review, Environmental Law. In the early 1990s he ran unsuccessfully for a Long Island congressional seat."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_One_as_Irish_as_Barack_O'Bama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"There's No One as Irish as Barack O'Bama\" is a humorous folk song written in 2008 by the Irish band Hardy Drew and the Nancy Boys (later known as The Corrigan Brothers), and set to a tune derived from a traditional air. The song celebrates the Irish ancestry of the President of the United States, Barack Obama."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Boyd,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Wesley Boyd, Jr. (born September 4, 1965) is a Baskerville, Virginia farmer, civil rights activist and the founder of the National Black Farmers Association (NBFA). He owns and operates a 300-acre (1.2 km2) farm where he grows soybean, corn and wheat and currently raises a hundred head of beef cattle. For 14 years Boyd was a chicken farmer in a Perdue Farms breeder program. He was also a tobacco farmer for many years.Boyd is a fourth-generation farmer. He formed the National Black Farmers Association, a Virginia-based non-profit organization, in 1995. In 2000, Boyd was the Democratic nominee for election to Virginia's 5th congressional district running against independent incumbent Virgil Goode. Goode later became a Republican.In his role with the National Black Farmers Association, Boyd has worked closely with national leaders in government, agriculture organizations and rural groups nationwide as well as internationally. Boyd was appointed by then-Virginia Governor-elect Tim Kaine to serve as co-chair of his Policy Committee on Agriculture and Forestry during the transition period. In 2000, Boyd was appointed by President Bill Clinton to serve on his administration's tobacco commission. Prior to that, he was appointed by then-Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore to serve on the Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission. His term lasted from July 1, 1999 until June 30, 2001.He was an early supporter of Senator Barack Obama during the 2008 Democratic presidential primaries and played an important role organizing African American voters in the critical South Carolina primary. During the primaries Boyd also organized supporters and spoke at events in Alabama, Georgia, and Mississippi. Boyd organized supporters and spoke at events for Obama in important battleground states during the general election including Florida, North Carolina and Virginia.On July 7, 2008, Roll Call newspaper reported that Boyd was instrumental in \"securing the biggest Congressional victory in history for black farmers, a $100 million line item in this year’s farm bill that effectively reopened the government’s discrimination settlement with black farmers.\"After leading public rallies and an intensive NBFA member lobbying effort, Congress approved and President Barack Obama signed into law in December 2010 legislation that set aside $1.15 billion to resolve the outstanding Black farmers cases.  Boyd attended the bill signing ceremony at the White House. Boyd told CNN.com \"This is about justice.\"Boyd was quoted in the national press numerous times on the Cobell native American trust fund case. His work on that case, which was resolved when it was grouped with the Black farmers legislation, helped lead to a $3.4 billion legal settlement. He told National Public Radio in November 2010 that \"This has been just a long struggle for the black farmers and for the Cobell case as well.\""@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Heinz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matthew G. Heinz, (born June 6, 1977) commonly known as Matt Heinz, is an American doctor and politician from Tucson, Arizona. A Democrat, he was appointed by President Barack Obama in June 2013 to a Director of Provider Outreach, in the Office of Intergovernmental and External Affairs, a part of the US Department of Health and Human Services. Heinz has been tasked with helping Secretary Kathleen Sebelius with the roll-out of the Affordable Care Act, with one aspect of his job to work with LGBT organizations across the country as they inform their members of their options in each state. For one or two weekends per month, Heinz continues his work as a hospitalist in Tucson, Arizona in an effort to keep in touch with the medical needs of his home community.Prior to his appointment, Heinz was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from the 29th District. First elected in 2008, he took office on January 12, 2009, won re-election to his seat in 2010 and toward the end of his second term, he ran as a candidate for US Congress."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama_Day> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Obama Day was a national holiday celebrated in Kenya on November 2008 in honor of Barack Obama's victory in the United States presidential election, 2008.Shortly after the U.S. election result was announced, Kenyan president Mwai Kibaki declared the holiday, because Obama's father, Barack Obama, Sr., was Kenyan. The holidayPerry County, Alabama, also declared the 2nd Monday of November to be Barack Obama Day."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Obama_World> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Super Obama World is a free online video game created by Robert Sundling and William P. Jacobson of ZenSoft and based on Nintendo's Super Mario World in which gamers play as United States President Barack Obama. The game is an example of viral marketing in politics. It has been described as a satire, containing numerous references to the Republican Party, particularly its defeated vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin, and it uses modified Super Mario World sprites, such as a modified big mario for Obama, or the flag pole for the game's flag pole."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Wisconsin,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Wisconsin took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 10 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Wisconsin was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 13.91% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state, despite the extremely close margins of victory in the previous two presidential elections. Polling throughout the state began to show a sizable and widening lead for Democrat Barack Obama of neighboring Illinois over Republican John McCain of Arizona. Obama carried Wisconsin with over 56% of the vote, significantly improving upon John Kerry's margin of victory in 2004."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Utah,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Utah took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 5 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Utah was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 28.0% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Highlighting its status as a GOP bastion, the Beehive State gave McCain one of his largest victories over Democrat Barack Obama, a near two-to-one margin. Obama did, however, manage to carry three counties, and he greatly improved on John Kerry's performance here in 2004. However, in the next election Obama would do much worse."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_of_Rivals> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln is a 2005 book by Pulitzer Prize-winning American historian Doris Kearns Goodwin, published by Simon & Schuster. The book is a biographical portrait of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln and some of the men who served with him in his cabinet from 1861 to 1865. Three of his Cabinet members had previously run against Lincoln in the 1860 election: Attorney General Edward Bates, Secretary of the Treasury Salmon P. Chase and Secretary of State William H. Seward. The book focuses on Lincoln's mostly successful attempts to reconcile conflicting personalities and political factions on the path to abolition and victory in the American Civil War.Goodwin's sixth book, Team of Rivals was well received by critics, and won the 2006 Lincoln Prize and the inaugural Book Prize for American History of the New-York Historical Society. US President Barack Obama cited it as one of his favorite books and was said to have used it as a model for constructing his own cabinet. In 2012, a Steven Spielberg film based on the book was released to critical acclaim."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oprah_Winfrey's_endorsement_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Oprah Winfrey’s endorsement of Barack Obama was one of the most widely covered and studied developments of the 2008 presidential campaign.  Winfrey has been described as the most influential woman in the world for her impact on culture and her proven record as a taste-maker and trend-setter, and there was much interest in whether that influence could translate politically since she had never before endorsed a candidate.   Winfrey first endorsed Obama in September 2006 before he had even declared himself a candidate.  In May 2007 Winfrey made her first endorsement of candidate Obama, and in December 2007, she made her first campaign appearances for him.  Two economists estimate that Winfrey’s endorsement was worth over a million votes in the Democratic primary race and that without it, Obama would have lost the nomination. Then-Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich claimed that the endorsement was so significant in electing Obama president that he considered offering Obama's former seat in the Senate to Winfrey."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Oregon,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 7 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Oregon  was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 16.4% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Situated on the West Coast, which has become a reliably Democratic stronghold, Oregon is a relatively blue state. The last Republican presidential nominee to carry Oregon was Ronald Reagan in his 1984 landslide reelection. Although George W. Bush came within half a percent of Al Gore in 2000, the Republicans have never seriously contested here. On Election Day 2008, Obama kept Oregon in the Democratic column, receiving near 57% of the vote."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Emmerich_(journalist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Klaus Emmerich (born 1928) is the former editor-in-chief of ORF News in Austria. He achieved notoriety in the United States for his racist remarks following Barack Obama's win of the 2008 US presidential election. David F. Girard-diCarlo, U.S. ambassador in Vienna, officially protested against Emmerichs remarks on November 14, 2008."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_presidential_primaries,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 Democratic presidential primaries and caucuses were the process by which voters of the Democratic Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 U.S. presidential election. Incumbent President Barack Obama won the Democratic Party nomination by securing more than the required 2778 delegates on April 3, 2012 after a series of primary elections and caucuses. He was formally nominated by the 2012 Democratic National Convention on September 5, 2012, in Charlotte, North Carolina."@en .corpus222.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q._Todd_Dickinson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Q. Todd Dickinson is the former Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). He is the current Executive Director of the American Intellectual Property Law Association (AIPLA), and had been mentioned by some sources for possible reappointment to his former post as Director of the USPTO by the Barack Obama administration prior to the appointment of David Kappos to that post."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeywell_Aerospace> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Honeywell Aerospace is the largest manufacturer of aircraft engines and avionics, as well as a producer of auxiliary power units (APUs) and other aviation products. Headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, it is a division of the Honeywell International conglomerate.  It generates approximately $10 billion in annual revenue from a 50/50 mix of commercial and defense contracts.The company experienced a boom during World War II, when it equipped bomber planes with avionics and invented the auto-pilot.  After the war it transitioned to a heavier focus on peacetime applications.  Today Honeywell produces space equipment, turbine engines, auxiliary power units, brakes, wheels, synthetic vision, runway safety systems and other avionics.A Honeywell APU was used in the notable emergency landing of US Airways Flight 1549 and a Honeywell blackbox survived under sea for years against its specified limits to reveal the details of the crash of Air France Flight 447.  The company was also involved in the making of 2001: A Space Odyssey and in 90 percent of U.S. space missions.  It's involved in the U.S. NextGen program and Europe's SESAR program for advancing avionics.President Barack Obama awarded a Honeywell employee the National Medal of Technology for his contributions to air flight safety technology. The company owns dozens of patents related to NextGen technology, aircraft windshields, turbochargers and more. It was also involved in an 11 year long patent dispute regarding ring laser gyroscope technology."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roel_Campos> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Roel Clark Campos (born 1949) is a Hispanic-American business lawyer. He served as Securities and Exchange Commissioner between 2002–07 and is now a partner with the law firm Locke Lord, LLP. Campos was named to President-elect Barack Obama's economic advisory board and was considered a possible successor to former SEC chairman Christopher Cox. He is a current member of the Committee on Capital Markets Regulation, an independent and nonpartisan 501(c)(3) research organization dedicated to improving the regulation of U.S. capital markets. In 2008 Campos was appointed a member of the Board of Trustees of the International Valuation Standards Council, and in December 2011 as interim Chairman.Campos earned his J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1979, his M.B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1972, and in 1971 earned his B.S. from the United States Air Force Academy."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Messina_(political_staffer)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jim Messina (born 1969) is a political adviser who was the White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations under President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2011 and served as the campaign manager for Obama's successful 2012 re-election campaign. He is also a strategic adviser to the UK Conservative Party."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Vermont,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Vermont took place on November 4, 2008 concurrent with the federal election in all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Vermont was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with 67.46%, to Republican John McCain's 30.45%, a Democratic victory margin of 37.01%. Obama carried every county by more than 60 percent of the vote with the exception of Essex County, which he won with 56 percent. He also broke 70% in 3 counties. A very liberal Northeastern state, Vermont was the second most Democratic state in the nation, weighing in as a whopping 30% more Democratic than the national average in the 2008 election.Obama's landslide win in Vermont outperformed Lyndon Johnson's 1964 Democratic landslide in the state, making the results of 2008 the strongest Democratic victory in Vermont's history."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_New_Jersey,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in New Jersey took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 15 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.New Jersey was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 15.53% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. No fundraising money was spent by either campaign, as the state has trended towards the Democratic Party in recent years. A highly affluent and predominantly urban state with an ethnically diverse population, New Jersey has become a reliably blue state, and this was evident again when Democrat Barack Obama comfortably won the state's 15 electoral votes with 57.14% of the vote."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Wyoming,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Wyoming was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 32.2% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Polling in the state gave a hefty and large lead to Republican John McCain over Democrat Barack Obama. Because of Wyoming's status as a safe red state, none of the major party candidates campaigned in the state. Despite McCain's landslide victory, Obama did do significantly better than John Kerry in 2004 and even won one more county than Kerry."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_North_Dakota,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in North Dakota took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.North Dakota was won by Republican nominee John McCain by an 8.7% margin of victory. Prior to the election, most news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a red state. The state has not been won by a Democratic presidential nominee since Lyndon B. Johnson's landslide election in 1964. Interestingly, polls showed Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama running unusually close in a state that gave George W. Bush a 27.4% margin of victory over John Kerry in 2004. In the end, McCain kept North Dakota in the GOP column but by a much smaller margin than Bush's landslide in 2004."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Fair_Trade_Coalition> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Texas Fair Trade Coalition (TFTC) is a coalition of labor unions, environmental advocacy organizations, consumer groups, family farm advocacy organizations, faith organizations,  professors and students that promotes democratic control over fiscal and social policies, social justice, workers' rights and livable wages, and sustainable development in Texas and worldwide through improvements to trade policy. TFTC was instrumental in getting specific information on the presidential candidates' trade policy positions during the 2008 election through questionnaires. Now President Barack Obama commented to the Texas Fair Trade Coalition as reported in Reuters, that he would only support the Panama trade agreement \"only if it does not bear the flaws of other NAFTA-style agreements.\"The Texas Fair Trade Coalition also works on local issues including advocating for \"sweat-free\" city ordinances. Marc Jacobson, director of TFTC, said that 50-60 cities have passed ordinances that require city government to buy textiles and laundry services from companies that do not practice the worst forms of “sweat shop” worker abuse. The group is advocating for a similar ordinance in Dallas, Texas.TFTC also plans a variety of educational events around trade policy."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_L._Allen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anita LaFrance Allen-Castellito (born March 24, 1953) is the Henry R. Silverman Professor of Law and professor of philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. She is also a senior fellow in the bioethics department of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, a collaborating faculty member in African studies, and an affiliated faculty member in the women’s studies program. In 2010 President Barack Obama named Allen to the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues. She is a Hastings Center Fellow."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hunter_(journalist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul Hunter is a Canadian television journalist for CBC News reporting from Washington DC mainly on American politics. Hunter has reported from numerous places across Canada and the world, both as a reporter and correspondent reporting on events including the Premierships of Stephen Harper and Paul Martin, the Haiti earthquake, the inauguration of Barack Obama, the Montreal ice storm of 1998, the trial of Paul Bernardo and the American occupation of Iraq. In 2008 he was embedded for two months with Canadian troops in Afghanistan. His report \"The Fundamental Day\", which brought attention to the conservative religious views of Canadian Alliance leader Stockwell Day, was noted as a turning point in the 2000 Canadian federal election.Hunter is married to Canadian journalist Joy Malbon, Washington bureau chief for CTV News. The CBC has assigned him to Washington as part of the 2009 changing of the guard in their Ottawa bureau."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Cretz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gene Allan Cretz (born 1950) is a career diplomat, who is the  U.S. Ambassador to Ghana, after being confirmed by the U.S. Senate in August 2012. Before this, he was the first U.S. Ambassador to Libya since 1972, after being nominated in July 2007 by President Bush. His nomination was confirmed by the US Senate on November 21, 2008.  He was sworn-in as U.S. Ambassador to Libya by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on December 17, 2008, at the State Department.  He arrived in Libya on December 27, 2008.  Cretz speaks a number of languages, including Arabic, Dari, Urdu, and Chinese. President Barack Obama nominated him for the post to Ghana in April 2012. He was sworn-in as the U.S. Ambassador to Ghana by Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on September 11, 2012."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_the_Impact> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Join the Impact was an American LGBT political organization started in reaction to the passage of Proposition 8 in California which rapidly developed into a national coalition of local LGBT rights groups. The website for the group was established November 7, 2008 after founders Amy Balliett and Willow Witte decided to utilize a website to try to galvanize attention for the cause. The level of success the two women had orchestrating a nationwide protest only a week later, may have benefited from the recent historical success the Obama campaign had with the medium.Join the Impact held November 15, 2008 anti-Proposition 8 protests against the California State proposition in every state in the U.S. The group's website claims that hundreds of thousands of protesters gathered that day with as many as 10,000 in NYC alone.Facebook played a pivotal role in organizing, allowing headquarters for events to form, and communicate with participants locally. Additionally, the use of sites like Facebook prevented the website failures that happened early on due to the high numbers of users accessing the site. Despite given larger and larger server for free from Hostdango the site continued to crash. Wetpaint, a free website wiki community, offered to allow the group to develop a site page for each state.Not long after the Wetpaint website became online, another site powered by Wetpaint was created in opposition of the site. The site, ProtectMarriage.wetpaint.com, encouraged people to join protests against same-sex marriage.Join the Impact organized a National Day of Protest on November 15, 2008. The protest took place in over 400 cities in every state in the country and in ten countries around the world. The protest was attended by an estimated one million people worldwide. Join the Impact also helped organize Day Without a Gay on December 10, 2008. The event encouraged same sex marriage supporters to call in to work \"gay\" and do community service in their communities. Many also participated in an economic boycott that day by not spending any money. On December 20, 2008, Join the Impact organized Light Up The Night For Equality and the National LGBT Food Drive for Equality in cities across the country. Candlelight vigils were held in commercial centers and shopping malls in remembrance of the 18,000 same sex marriages performed in California between June and November 2008. An estimated one million people were educated about five rights not afforded to one in ten citizens simply because they were gay. The event garnered national attention, even the attention of the Westboro Baptist Church, who held a counter protest at the Light Up the Night for Equality vigil in Chicago, IL. The event had pre and post event promotion from Equality California,The Human Rights Campaign, Courage Campaign, Marriage Equality USA MEUSA, LOGO,365Gay.com, Students for Equality, LezGetReal, and many other amazing organizations and groups.There was a National DOMA Protest on January 10, 2009. The protest brought together signatures on a letter to President-Elect Barack Obama about his promises to the LGBT community. Join the Impact promised to deliver those signatures and letters to President Obama on January 21, 2009."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nationwide_opinion_polling_for_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This page lists nation-wide public opinion polls that were conducted relating to the 2012 United States presidential election between Democratic Incumbent President Barack Obama, Republican Mitt Romney, Libertarian Gary Johnson, Green Jill Stein, Constitutionalist Virgil Goode, Justician Rocky Anderson as well as other third-party and independent challengers.The persons named in the polls were official candidates in the general election or former candidates for a particular party's nomination."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Hogan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cynthia C. Hogan (born Cincinnati, Ohio about 1958) is the Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Government Affairs for the National Football League. Previously Hogan served as the Counsel to the Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, under President Barack Obama. Hogan previously worked as Chief Counsel to Vice President Biden during his time in the United States Senate and served as Staff Director of the Senate Judiciary Committee.In 1995, she assisted with the drafting of anti-terrorism legislation.She has experience with judicial nominations.  During the confirmation process for Sonia Sotomayor's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court, she was (metaphorically) Judge Sotomayor's sherpa.She holds a B.A. in art history from Oberlin College (1979), and a J.D. from the University of Virginia Law School (1984).  She was Notes Editor of the Virginia Law Review, then a clerk for U.S. District Court judge Edward Norman Cahn in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.  She was an associate at Williams & Connolly, before going to work for Biden (1991–1996).  She advised Biden unofficially while she stayed home raising her children.She and her husband both contributed to Democratic National Committee (1992).  She gave money to Ralph Neas (1997) in his unsuccessful attempt to unseat Connie Morella in Maryland's 8th congressional district.  Her husband has consistently donated to his employer's (the Arent Fox law firm) political action committee;  the firm appears to contribute to the party of the incumbent President of the United States."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_North_Carolina,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in North Carolina was part of the national event on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C.. In North Carolina, voters chose 15 representatives, or electors, to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.North Carolina was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 0.32% margin of victory. Prior to the election, most news organizations considered the state as a toss-up, or swing state, but few truly believed Obama would win it. Only 1 of the 18 news/ political organizations listed here correctly predicted the result, an Obama victory. Throughout the general election, the state was heavily targeted by both campaigns. It was one of three Southern states (along with Florida and Virginia) that voted for Obama in 2008. A high turnout by African-American voters, bolstered by overwhelming support from younger voters were the major factors that helped deliver North Carolina's 15 electoral votes to Obama, making him the first Democratic presidential nominee to carry the state in 32 years. Prior to 2008, the last Democratic candidate to win North Carolina was Jimmy Carter in 1976. Bill Clinton came within 20,000 votes of winning the state in 1992."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Nebraska,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Nebraska took place on November 4, 2008 as part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 5 electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President. However, this state is one of the two states of the U.S. that, instead of giving all of its electors to the winner based on its statewide results, just 2 of them vote based on the statewide results, and the others vote based on their individual congressional district results.Nebraska, statewide, was not a swing state in 2008. Located in the Great Plains of the United States, it is one of the most staunchly Republican states in the country. While some hypothetical general election match-up polls between Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama showed the race to be seemingly close, they were largely regarded as outliers as more polls released showed McCain leading in double digits. McCain wound up carrying the popular vote in Nebraska by 14.93 points, taking in 56.53% of the total statewide vote. However, Obama narrowly defeated McCain in Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District, which contains Omaha and the surrounding areas. Due to Nebraska's system of proportionally allocating electoral votes, Obama was able to win one electoral vote while John McCain received the state's other four electoral votes."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_President> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"My President\" is the fourth official single from rapper Young Jeezy's third studio album, The Recession. The song also features rapper Nas and is produced by Tha Bizness. This song was number 16 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008.  Jeezy and Nas recorded the song on the day Barack Obama clinched the Democratic nomination for the Presidency.  \"My President\" also is notable  for the unified collaboration between the two artists, who had been having a feud since the 2006 release  of Nas' album \"Hip Hop Is Dead\", which contained statements to which Young Jeezy took offense."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivek_Kundra> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Vivek Kundra (Hindi: विवेक कुंद्रा; born October 9, 1974) is an Indian American administrator who served as the first chief information officer of the United States from March, 2009 to August, 2011 under President Barack Obama. He is currently the Executive Vice President of Emerging Markets for Salesforce and a visiting Fellow at Harvard University.He previously served in D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty's cabinet as the District's Chief Technology Officer and in Virginia Governor Tim Kaine's cabinet as Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Technology."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desirée_Rogers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Desirée Glapion Rogers (born June 16, 1959, in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American business executive who is the Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Publishing Company. In November 2008 she was selected by Barack Obama's office as the White House Social Secretary for the incoming administration, the first person of African-American descent to serve in this function. On February 26, 2010, the Chicago Sun-Times′ Lynn Sweet reported that she planned to step down. Rogers was replaced by Julianna Smoot, former chief of staff to the U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk. Smoot was the Obama presidential campaign chief fund-raiser. On August 10, 2010, Rogers was named CEO of Johnson Publishing Company."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Higginbottom> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Heather A. Higginbottom (born July 15, 1972) is the U.S. Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources.  She previously served as Counselor of the United States Department of State and prior to that had served as Deputy Director of the federal Office of Management and Budget from 2011 until 2013.  On October 20, 2011, the United States Senate voted 64–36 to confirm her nomination to be Deputy Director of the OMB.  Higginbottom previously had served as the Deputy Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy in the administration of Barack Obama from 2009 to 2010 after serving on the Obama for America campaign."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_things_named_after_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of things named after Barack Obama, the 44th and current President of the United States. This list includes proposed name changes."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Winter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Melissa Winter (b. November 16, 1967) was named by Barack Obama's office of presidential transition on November 24, 2008, as Deputy Chief of Staff to the First Lady.As Mrs. Michelle Obama's first hire on the Obama presidential campaign, Winter served in several different capacities, most recently as Mrs. Obama’s Traveling Chief of Staff. Winter was born in Chicago but her family later moved to La Jolla, California. After graduating from Skidmore College, she moved to Washington, D.C. and began an 18 year stint on Capitol Hill. She worked for then Congressman Norman Mineta for seven years as his Staff Assistant and then Executive Assistant before working for Senator Joe Lieberman. Winter was Senator Lieberman’s Traveling Aide during his 2000 Vice Presidential run as well as his Director of Scheduling on his 2004 Presidential race.  She also served as Senator Lieberman’s Senate Executive Assistant. She will be returning to Washington, D.C. after spending the last 22 months in Chicago working for Mrs. Obama."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxbe_fix> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Saxbe fix /ˈsæks.biː/, or salary rollback, is a mechanism by which the President of the United States, in appointing a current or former member of the United States Congress whose elected term has not yet expired, can avoid the restriction of the United States Constitution's Ineligibility Clause. That clause prohibits the President from appointing a current or former member of Congress to a civil office position that was created, or to a civil office position for which the pay and/or benefits (collectively, \"emoluments\") were increased, during the term for which that member was elected until the term has expired. The rollback, first implemented by an Act of Congress in 1909, reverts the emoluments of the office to the amount they were when that member began his or her elected term.To prevent ethical conflicts, James Madison proposed language at the Constitutional Convention that was adopted as the Ineligibility Clause after debate and modification by other Founding Fathers. Historically, a number of approaches have been taken to address the problem posed by restriction; these have included choosing another nominee, allowing the desired nominee's elected term of office to expire, ignoring the clause entirely, or reducing the offending emoluments to the level prior to when the nominee took office. Although Congress passed the mechanism reducing emoluments in 1909, the procedure was named \"Saxbe fix\" after Senator William Saxbe, who was confirmed as Attorney General in 1973 after Congress reduced the office's salary to the level it had been before Saxbe's term commenced. The Saxbe fix has subsequently become relevant as a successful—though not universally accepted—solution for appointments by presidents of both parties of sitting members of the United States Congress to the United States Cabinet. Members of Congress have been appointed to federal judgeships without any fix being enacted; court challenges to such appointments have failed.There were four Saxbe fixes for appointees of presidents prior to Barack Obama. The first two rollbacks concerned appointees of Republicans William Howard Taft and Richard Nixon, and the last two were implemented for appointees of Democrats Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. Congress approved two more in the weeks preceding Obama's presidency in preparation for his designated Cabinet nominees. Since the 1980s, Saxbe fixes have only been temporary, extending to the conclusion of the term for which the sitting member of Congress was elected. The Clause has received relatively little scholarly or judicial attention; the sparse extant debate centers on whether the reduction of salary satisfies the Ineligibility Clause, or whether affected members of Congress are ineligible for appointment in spite of the reduction."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Douglass> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Linda Douglass was director of communications for the White House Office of Health Reform in the Obama Administration (May 2009–April 2010). In June 2010, she was named Vice President, Head of Corporate and Strategic communications at Atlantic Media.  She was later named Senior Vice President of Global Communications.  She left that position in June, 2013 to do independent consulting.  http://www.adweek.com/fishbowldc/linda-douglass-out-atlantic-emily-lenzner-in/109081?red=as.  Later that year, she moved to Italy when her husband, John Phillips, was named ambassador to Italy.  http://www.italymagazine.com/news/new-usa-ambassador-italy-charms-italians-special-videoDouglass was first associated with Barack Obama as a senior strategist and spokeswoman of his presidential campaign. She joined his campaign on May 21, 2008. Following Obama’s victory in the November 2008 presidential elections, Douglass was appointed spokeswoman of the presidential inauguration committee.Douglass had a long career as journalist with ABC News and CBS News, and began her journalism career in 1973 with KCBS-TV, the Los Angeles affiliate of CBS."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oprah_Winfrey> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Oprah Gail Winfrey (born January 29, 1954) is an American media proprietor, talk show host, actress, producer, and philanthropist. Winfrey is best known for her multi-award-winning talk show The Oprah Winfrey Show, which was the highest-rated program of its kind in history and was nationally syndicated from 1986 to 2011. Dubbed the \"Queen of All Media\", she has been ranked the richest African-American of the 20th century, the greatest black philanthropist in American history, and is currently North America's only black billionaire. She is also, according to some assessments, the most influential woman in the world. In 2013, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama and an honorary doctorate degree from Harvard.Winfrey was born into poverty in rural Mississippi to a teenage single mother and later raised in an inner-city Milwaukee neighborhood. She experienced considerable hardship during her childhood, saying she was raped at age nine and became pregnant at 14; her son died in infancy. Sent to live with the man she calls her father, a barber in Tennessee, Winfrey landed a job in radio while still in high school and began co-anchoring the local evening news at the age of 19. Her emotional ad-lib delivery eventually got her transferred to the daytime-talk-show arena, and after boosting a third-rated local Chicago talk show to first place, she launched her own production company and became internationally syndicated.Credited with creating a more intimate confessional form of media communication, she is thought to have popularized and revolutionized the tabloid talk show genre pioneered by Phil Donahue, which a Yale study says broke 20th-century taboos and allowed LGBT people to enter the mainstream. By the mid-1990s she had reinvented her show with a focus on literature, self-improvement, and spirituality. Though criticized for unleashing a confession culture, promoting controversial self-help ideas, and an emotion-centered approach,she is often praised for overcoming adversity to become a benefactor to others. From 2006 to 2008, her support of Barack Obama, by one estimate, delivered over a million votes in the close 2008 Democratic primary race."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Nabors> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rob Nabors (born 1971) is the White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy for U.S. President Barack Obama. Nabors was previously Director of Legislative Affairs in the administration.  Earlier, he served as Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget and Senior Advisor to Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel."@en .corpus223.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/President's_Council_on_Jobs_and_Competitiveness> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness, originally the President's Economic Recovery Advisory Board, was a panel of non-governmental experts from business, labor, academia and elsewhere that President of the United States Barack Obama created on February 6, 2009. The board reports regularly to Obama and his economic team on possible ways to improve the nation's economy. Obama announced this new board on November 26, 2008, and also announced that it would be chaired by former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker with campaign economic adviser Austan Goolsbee as staff director and chief economist.The council met a total of four times, with its final meeting on January 17, 2012. In 2013, the authorization for the council was not renewed, causing the council to be permanently shut down."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_the_President-Elect> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Office of the President-Elect  was a title used by Barack Obama for the body coordinating his transition activities of the President-elect of the United States. The office is not mentioned in the U.S. Constitution, nor is it a statutory office of the federal government; however, under the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (P.L. 88-277), amended by the Presidential Transitions Effectiveness Act of 1998 (P.L. 100-398)  and the Presidential Transition Act of 2000 (P.L. 106-293), the President-Elect is entitled to request and receive certain privileges from the General Services Administration as he prepares to assume office."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Montana,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Montana took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Montana was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 2.38% margin of victory. Before the election, Montana was initially viewed as safe republican, but was viewed as lean republican or toss-up in the final weeks. Historically the state is a Republican stronghold, but polls during the 2008 election showed Democrat Barack Obama just narrowly trailing Republican John McCain. On election day, McCain narrowly carried Montana. Like 2004, this state had a strong showing among third party and independent candidates, as Ron Paul received over 2% of the vote, possibly taking away conservative votes from McCain. It was the fourth closest state in the nation, behind Missouri, North Carolina and Indiana."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Nevada,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Nevada was part of the 2008 United States presidential election, which took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C.. Voters chose 5 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Nevada was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 12.5% margin of victory. Both campaigns heavily campaigned here in 2008, as although Obama held a lead in the polls, it was not unreasonable to think that John McCain, a nationally prominent Senator from neighboring Arizona had a legitimate chance of having Nevada swing to his corner. Most news organization considered the state as Obama would win, or a blue state, but some still considered it as a swing state during the last week of the election. In the past four presidential elections, the margin of victory has always been below 5 percentage points. George W. Bush carried Nevada twice in 2000 and 2004 while Bill Clinton won the Silver State both times as well in 1992 and 1996. With the anti-Republican sentiment growing nationwide and the fact that personally, McCain barely campaigned in Nevada, Nevada swung wildly into the Democratic column in 2008 as Barack Obama carried the state by 12.50 points over John McCain, receiving 55.15% of the total statewide vote to McCain's 42.65%. It was the first time since 1988 that the margin of victory was in double digits."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_the_District_of_Columbia,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in the District of Columbia took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.The District of Columbia went to Democrat Barack Obama by a margin of 210,403 votes out of 225,224 votes cast, about 92 percentage points of the total vote. Obama's margin was wider than John Kerry's in 2004, when Kerry won the District of Columbia by a margin of about 80 percentage points. D.C. has voted for the Democratic candidate in every presidential election by large margins since 1964."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scout_Tufankjian> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Scout Tufankjian is an Armenian-American photojournalist based in Brooklyn, New York. From 2006 to 2008 she covered Senator Barack Obama's campaign for President of the United States, and was the only independent journalist to follow him from the run up to his announcing his candidacy through his victory on election night. Tufankjian took more than 12,000 photographs throughout the campaign. She released a book featuring a selection of the photographs titled Yes We Can: Barack Obama's History-Making Presidential Campaign in December 2008, which sold out its initial 55,000 copy run a month before it was released.In August 2012, Tufankjian took a photo of Michelle Obama and President Barack Obama hugging each other, and the Obama campaign staff sent this picture out on the official Obama Facebook and Twitter accounts the night of the election, Nov. 6, 2012. This picture become the most liked photo on Facebook and most retweeted tweet in history."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyssa_Mastromonaco> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alyssa Mastromonaco (born February 22, 1976) served as Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations in the administration of President Barack Obama from 2011 to 2014."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Ohio,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Ohio took place on November 4, 2008, which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 20 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Ohio was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 4.6% margin of victory. Prior to the election, most news organizations considered this state as a major swing state and bellwether. Both major party candidates visited the Buckeye State numerous times and campaigned throughout the state extensively trying to sway moderates and independent voters to their side. The polls in Ohio were fairly even throughout the campaign but Obama had a slight lead as Election Day drew closer. In the end, Obama flipped Ohio into the Democratic column."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekly_Radio_Address_of_the_President_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Weekly Address of the President of the United States (also known as the Weekly Radio Address or Your Weekly Address) is the weekly discussion of current events in the United States by the President. Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first U.S. president to deliver such radio addresses. Ronald Reagan revived the practice of delivering a weekly Saturday radio broadcast in 1982, and his successors have all continued the practice.As the Internet became mainstream, the weekly address was made available on other media. George W. Bush introduced an audio podcast feed and Barack Obama introduced a weekly video address during his presidential transition period."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Connecticut,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 7 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Connecticut  was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 22.4% margin of victory.  Connecticut was one of the six states that had every county—including traditionally Republican Litchfield County—go for Obama, the others being Hawaii, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont. Connecticut has not voted for a Republican presidential nominee since 1988 when the state was carried by George H.W. Bush over Michael Dukakis."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Illinois,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 21 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Illinois, the home state of Barack Obama, who won state with a 25.1% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. One of the most reliably blue states in the nation, Illinois has not voted for a Republican presidential nominee since 1988, when George H.W. Bush narrowly carried the state. In 2008, continuing that trend, it appeared that a generic Democratic presidential nominee could have easily won Illinois. Thus, it surprised no one that Barack Obama, who represented Illinois in the U.S. Senate, won Illinois in 2008 over Republican John McCain in a landslide victory, clinching near 62% of the total vote."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Francisco> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joseph S. Francisco (born 1955) was President of the American Chemical Society from 2009-2010. He currently serves as the Dean of College of Arts and Sciences, Elmer H. and Ruby M.Cordes Chair in chemistry at University of Nebraska in Lincoln. He received his bachelors from the University of Texas at Austin in 1977 and his PhD from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1983. He was President of the National Organization for the Professional Advancement of Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers from 2006–2008. He is also a fellow of the American Physical Society (1998), the American Association for the Advancement of Science (2001), American Chemical Society (2012), and a Guggenheim Fellow (1993). He was awarded an Alexander von Humboldt U.S.Senior Scientist Award, appointed a Senior Visiting Fellow at the Institute of Advanced Studies at the University of Bologna, Italy; Professeur Invité at the Université de Paris-Est, France; a Visiting Professor at Uppsala Universitet,Sweden; and an Honorary International Chair Professor, National Taipei University of Technology, Taiwan. He served as President of the American Chemical Society in 2010. He was elected as the Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 2010 and was elected member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences in 2013. He also received the Honorary Doctor of Science Degree, Tuskegee University., 2010. President Barack Obama appointed Joseph S. Francisco, PhD, to serve on the President's Committee on the National Medal of Science for the period 2010–2012,2012–2014."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Wong> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nicole A. Wong is an American attorney, specializing in Internet, media and intellectual property law. In May 2013, she was selected by the Barack Obama administration to be the first White House chief privacy officer and deputy chief technology officer (CTO) of the United States. She earned the nickname \"the Decider\" while she was vice president and deputy general counsel at Google, where she was responsible for arbitrating issues of censorship for Google. Wong stepped down as Deputy US CTO on August 16, 2014 to return with her family to California."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Wu> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jason Wu (Chinese: 吳季剛; pinyin: Wú Jìgāng; born September 27, 1982) is a Taiwanese Canadian fashion designer based in New York City. He is most famous for designing the dresses of Michelle Obama on several occasions, including during first and second inauguration of American President Barack Obama."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_J._Rice> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Emmett John Rice (December 21, 1919 – March 10, 2011) was a former governor of the Federal Reserve System, a Cornell University economics professor, expert in the monetary systems of developing countries and the father of the current National Security Advisor to President Barack Obama, Susan E. Rice."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Maine,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Maine took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Maine is one of two states in the U.S. that instead of all of the state's 4 electors of the Electoral College to vote based upon the statewide results of the voters, two of the individual electors vote based on their congressional district because Maine has two congressional districts. The other two electors vote based upon the statewide results. See below in the section of Electors for more information.Maine once again displayed it status as a blue state, with Democrat Barack Obama taking the state with 57.71% of the vote and a difference of 126,650 votes. Maine has voted Democratic since 1992 and is the only state other than Nebraska to split its electoral votes, though it has not yet done so. It is also the only state in New England where a county voted for Republican John McCain, with Piscataquis County giving McCain roughly 50.7% of the vote."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Butler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ronald \"Ron/Ronnie\" Butler, Jr. is a Bahamian-born American television actor and comedian who is best known for portraying Oscar, the clever receptionist, on the television series True Jackson, VP, from 2008 to 2011.  He often portrays President Barack Obama in comedy sketches.  He has performed with the Atlantic Theater Company for over 20 years."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Virginia,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Virginia took place on November 4, 2008, which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 13 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Virginia was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 6.3% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a blue state, despite the fact that initially Virginia was a swing state that both campaigns targeted heavily in 2008 and that Virginia was once one of the most reliable red states in the nation. The financial meltdown, the changing demographics, and the population increases in voter rich Northern Virginia gave Obama the edge as he was projected the winner in the Old Dominion State. It was the first time in over 40 years that Virginia voted for a Democratic presidential nominee since Lyndon B. Johnson's victory in 1964."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_Cafe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Heartland Cafe is a restaurant in the Rogers Park neighborhood of Chicago. Originally opened in 1976 by two  activists as the \"Sweet Home Chicago Heartland Café,\" it has become a cultural icon for the diverse neighborhood, known as much for its hippie ambience and left-leaning politics as for its largely (but not exclusively) vegetarian food.Part of a complex of buildings that also contains a theatre studio, an adjoining music venue, and a newsstand and general store within the restaurant itself, the restaurant is routinely referred to as an \"institution\" and a social and political center of the neighborhood. Politicians ranging from local candidates to Barack Obama have held rallies and events at the Heartland. On Saturdays, radio station WLUW broadcasts a show called \"Live from the Heartland\"."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artists_for_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Artist for Obama was a series of ten limited edition art prints created and donated by various artist in support of the United States President Barack Obama Democratic primary campaign, and 2008 presidential campaign. The prints were official campaign products of the Obama for President campaign, and were sold directly from the Obama for president website, all proceeds were considered campaign contributions."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Hawaii,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Hawaii took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Hawaii, the state where Barack Obama was born, gave him 71.9% of the vote with a 45.3% margin of victory in 2008. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Hawaii has voted Democratic in every presidential election since 1988. Obama's margin of victory in this state is only surpassed by that of the District of Columbia and is the only actual state that gave either candidate more than 70% of the vote. Turnout here was much higher than previous elections."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_New_Mexico,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 5 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.New Mexico was won by the Democratic nominee, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, by a 15.13% margin of victory. Obama took 56.91% of the vote while his Republican opponent, Senator John McCain of Arizona, took 41.78%. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state.  Due to the extremely narrow margins of victory in the past two presidential elections, it started out as a swing state, but hypothetical general election match-up polls taken in the state continued to show a big lead for Democrat Barack Obama. Obama's leads in the polls in New Mexico increased so much that Republican presidential nominee John McCain did not campaign nearly as much in the Land of Enchantment as he did elsewhere, despite it neighboring his home state of Arizona. A large Hispanic and trending Democratic population put Barack Obama over the top."@en .corpus224.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_McGinty> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kathleen Alana \"Katie\" McGinty is an American environmentalist and government official. She currently serves as Chief of Staff for Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf. An advisor to Vice President Al Gore, she became a key environmental advisor to President Bill Clinton. Later, she served as Secretary of Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection in the Cabinet of Governor Ed Rendell. Prior to the nomination of Lisa P. Jackson, she was mentioned as a possible United States Environmental Protection Agency Administrator under President Barack Obama, and as a possible candidate to succeed Ed Rendell as Governor of Pennsylvania, but was not a candidate in the 2010 election. McGinty was a candidate for Governor of Pennsylvania in 2014."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Pennsylvania,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania was part of the 2008 United States presidential election, which took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C. Voters chose 21 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Pennsylvania was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 10.3% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Although the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has voted for the Democratic presidential nominee in every election since 1992, the margins of victory have become smaller over the past elections, as was highlighted in 2004 when John Kerry won the Keystone State by a slim margin of 2.50 percent. Since George W. Bush came so close to winning the state in 2004 and because Barack Obama lost the Pennsylvania Democratic Primary to Hillary Rodham Clinton by nearly 10 percentage points in April 2008, many analysts believed that Republican John McCain had a decent shot at winning Pennsylvania in the general election. Nevertheless, Pennsylvania remained blue and gave Obama 54.47% of the vote to McCain's 44.15%, a margin of 10.32%. Normally a close state, 2008 marked the first time since 1972 that Pennsylvania was decided by a double-digit margin and was the strongest Democratic showing in the state since 1964."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Alaska,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Alaska was won by Republican nominee John McCain with a 21.5% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Democratic nominee Barack Obama did, however, perform better in 2008 than Democratic nominee John Kerry did in 2004. The presence of popular Governor Sarah Palin on the ticket as the Republican Party's vice presidential nominee did not appear to play a major role in McCain's victory, as the McCain-Palin ticket received a slightly smaller percentage of Alaskan votes than did Bush-Cheney in 2004."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Arizona,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Arizona took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 10 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Arizona was won by Republican nominee and favorite son John McCain with an 8.5% margin of victory. Prior to the election, 16 of 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a red state. It was the home state of John McCain and has only been carried by a Democrat once since 1948. However, polls taken near Election Day in 2008 showed Democrat Barack Obama closer than expected to winning the state. McCain carried all but four of the state's 15 counties."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Texas,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Texas took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 34 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Texas was won by Republican nominee John McCain by an 11.8% margin of victory despite \"failing to deliver written certification of their nominations\" on time to appear on the ballot.  Barack Obama, the Democratic Party nominee and eventual President of the United States, made a similar error.Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. This is because although the state is very diverse and has a huge Latino population, Latinos in Texas - despite being fairly Democratic - make up only 20% of the electorate. Polling throughout the state showed Republican John McCain consistently and substantially leading Democrat Barack Obama. On Election Day, McCain won the state, although his margin was less than native son George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004. With its 34 electoral votes, Texas was the largest prize for McCain in 2008."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Tchen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Christina M. \"Tina\" Tchen (simplified Chinese: 陈远美; traditional Chinese: 陳遠美, pinyin: Chén Yuǎnměi) (born January 25, 1956) is an American lawyer.  She serves as Assistant to President Barack Obama; Chief of Staff to First Lady Michelle Obama; and Executive Director of the White House Council on Women and Girls.  From the date of Obama's inauguration until January 5, 2011, she was the Director of the White House Office of Public Engagement, previously known as the Office of Public Liaison."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Rhode_Island,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Rhode Island took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Rhode Island was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 27.8% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. The last time a Republican carried this state or any county in the state is 1984, when Reagan won with about 52% of the vote, largely due to the support of Reagan Democrats."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_citizenship_conspiracy_theories> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "During Barack Obama's campaign for president and in the years following his election, many conspiracy theories have been circulated, falsely asserting that he is not a natural-born citizen of the United States and consequently, under Article Two of the U.S. Constitution, is ineligible to be President of the United States.Theories allege that Obama's published birth certificate is a forgery—that his actual birthplace is not Hawaii but Kenya. Other theories allege that Obama became a citizen of Indonesia in childhood, thereby losing his U.S. citizenship. Still others claim that Obama is not a natural-born U.S. citizen because he was born a dual citizen (British and American). A number of political commentators have characterized these various claims as a racist reaction to Obama's status as the first African American president of the United States.Such claims have been promoted by fringe theorists (\"birthers\"), some of whom have sought court rulings either declaring Obama ineligible to take office, or granting access to various documents which they claim exist, and which they claim would evidence such ineligibility; none of these efforts have been successful. Some political opponents, especially in the Republican Party, have expressed skepticism about Obama's citizenship or been unwilling to acknowledge it; some have proposed legislation which would require presidential candidates to provide proof of eligibility.Expressed belief in such theories has persisted despite Obama's pre-election release of his official Hawaiian birth certificate in 2008; confirmation, based on the original documents, by the Hawaii Department of Health; the April 2011 release of a certified copy of Obama's original Certificate of Live Birth (or long-form birth certificate); and contemporaneous birth announcements published in two Hawaii newspapers. Polls conducted in 2010 suggested that at least one quarter of adult Americans said that they doubted Obama's U.S. birth, while a May 2011 Gallup poll found that 13% of American adults (23% of Republicans) continued to express such doubts."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Berry_(administrator)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Morrell John Berry (born February 10, 1959) is the United States Ambassador to Australia. He previously was director of the United States Office of Personnel Management.Berry was born in Montgomery County, Maryland, to parents who worked for the federal government. He completed degrees at the University of Maryland, College Park and Syracuse University and worked in local government and as a legislative aide in state government from 1982 to 1985. From 1985 to 1994, he worked as legislative director for U.S. Representative Steny Hoyer. He held posts in the U.S. Treasury Department, the Smithsonian Institution, and the U.S. Department of the Interior until 2000, and worked as director of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation and the National Zoological Park until 2009, when he was nominated by President Barack Obama as director of the United States Office of Personnel Management. Berry took office after being confirmed by the United States Senate in April 2009.In June 2013, President Obama nominated Berry to replace Jeff Bleich as US ambassador to Australia. He was confirmed by  unanimous consent of the US Senate in August 2013."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Rosseau> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gail Linskey Rosseau (born c. 1956), was director of skull base surgery of NorthShore University HealthSystem NorthShore University HealthSystem She left this position in 2014.  She is board-certified and has been an examiner for the American Board of Neurological Surgery. She has been elected to the leadership of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons, World Federation of Neurosurgical Societies, and the Société de Neurochirurgie de Langue Française.Her practice includes a wide range of neurosurgery, with expertise in caring for patients with cranial base disorders. This includes extensive experience with pituitary tumors, meningiomas, acoustic neuromas, and head and neck malignancies. She is the author of dozens of papers, invited lectures and courses in these topics, including a co-authored white paper with Women in Neurosurgery titled \"The Future of Neurosurgery.\"Rosseau is one of 300 female neurosurgeons in the United States, out of a total of more than 3,000 practicing neurosurgeons. She writes and speaks often in the U.S. and abroad on neurosurgical topics.  Her most frequent subjects include innovative treatments for patients with pituitary tumors, trigeminal neuralgia, meningiomas and normal pressure hydrocephalus. She pioneered the use of minimally invasive endoscopic surgery for treatment of pituitary tumors. Her current research funding is for clinical trials in breast cancer metastasis and idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus.In December 2009, Rosseau was on a short list for then-President-elect Barack Obama's nomination for Surgeon General of the United States. On March 5, 2009, another candidate for Surgeon General, CNN medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta, announced he was withdrawing himself from consideration, thus strengthening speculation that Rosseau remained a primary candidate.Rosseau’s association with President Obama dates to 2003. She served on the finance committees and women’s committees for both his senatorial and presidential campaigns. She also acted as his surrogate speaker on healthcare issues during the primary and general presidential election campaigns.Her candidacy for Surgeon General has been supported by the American Medical Association, American College of Neurosurgeons, American Association of Neurological Surgeons, the Congress of Neurological Surgeons, and the American Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons in addition to a number of patient groups.Rosseau is the recipient of many honors and awards, including Chicago Woman Mentor of the Year and the 2008–2009 American Association of Neurological Surgeons/American College of Surgeons Health Policy Fellowship. She has been awarded the Harry B. Zehner, Jr., Memorial Traveling Fellowship award of the American College of Surgeons.She has been listed in Best Doctors in America, Who’s Who in America and the Consumer Research Council’s Guide to America's Top Surgeons. She has served on the FDA Advisory Council for Neurological Devices in addition to a number of national and international leadership positions in organized neurosurgery.Public broadcasting network medical programs \"Second Opinion\" and \"60 Minutes II\" have featured Rosseau, in addition to national and local network television and radio programs. She has been cited in articles from printed periodicals such as the Chicago Tribune, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, Chicago Sun Times, and The Desert Sun.  A March 2007 article in More magazine profiled her research into the connection between breast cancer and brain metastases. A profile on Rosseau appeared in the September 2009 issue of Ladies Home Journal.Rosseau has addressed annual meetings of organizations such as The Chicagoland Youth Football League(TCYFL)2011 Coaches Day,s and ThinkFirst, the national injury prevention association.  She addressed the 14th Annual World Congress of Neurological Surgery on August 30, 2009 in Boston. Duke University’s Terry Sanford School of Public Policy featured her as their keynote speaker on October 3, 2009.Rosseau devotes considerable energy to philanthropic endeavors. She is the volunteer coordinator of the Foundation for International Education in Neurosurgery, which sends volunteer neurosurgeons to the developing world. She is on the board of directors of the World Federation of Neurosurgical Societies Foundation, which raises funds and donations-in-kind to provide equipment for neurosurgical services in the developing world.She is actively involved in promoting religious pluralism, serving on the board of directors of the Interfaith Youth Core.  Rosseau also serves on the board of trustees at Dominican University in River Forest, Illinois.With her children she has launched a head and spine injury prevention initiative for children in French-speaking Africa."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Balanoff> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tom Balanoff is the president of Service Employees International Union Illinois Council and the Vice President of its International Executive Board, as well as the President of SEIU Local 1 with 40,000 janitors and security guards.He comes from a family of labor union officials.  His father, James Balanoff, Jr., was the president of the largest steelworker’s local in the country (Local 1010 based in East Chicago, Ind.).  He received a Master's degree in Labor from the University of Illinois.  Balanoff gave a speech at the 2008 Democratic National Convention, supporting Barack Obama for President.  Balanoff is believed to be the unnamed \"SEIU official\" mentioned in the December 9, 2008 federal criminal complaint against Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich.  His name was also mentioned at the Blagojevich trial as a person Barack Obama called to help Valerie Jarrett replace him as a senator."@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louanner_Peters> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Louanner Peters is a former deputy governor of Illinois. She was appointed by Rod Blagojevich in December 2006, becoming the first African-American woman to hold the position.Peters grew up on a farm in Angie, Louisiana, and was the ninth of twelve children.  She earned a Bachelor's degree in political science at Louisiana State University in 1971, and a masters degree at the Jane Addams College of Social Work of the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1973.  She served as chief of staff for U.S. Representative Gus Savage for 10 years starting in 1981. In 1992, she unsuccessfully ran as an independent candidate for Illinois's 2nd congressional district.  She then did campaign work for Washington D.C. mayors Marion Barry and Anthony Williams, and for Blagojevich on a contractual basis. She was hired as Blagojevich's deputy chief of staff for social services in 2003, and was promoted to deputy governor in 2006.According to an anonymous source, Peters is said to be the person referred to as \"Senate Candidate 4\" in the Blagojevich criminal complaint.  In a private conversation, Blagojevich considered appointing Senate Candidate 4 to Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat because he believed he could \"count on [Senate Candidate 4], if things got hot, to give [the Senate seat] up and let me parachute over there.\""@en .corpus225.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Donovan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Shaun L. S. Donovan (born January 24, 1966) is an American politician who serves as the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Donovan is also the former United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, serving from 2009 to 2014. Prior to this he headed the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development. On December 13, 2008, in his weekly national radio address, President-elect Barack Obama announced that he would appoint Donovan to his cabinet. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate through unanimous consent on January 22, 2009 and sworn-in on January 26. On July 28, 2014 he was succeeded as Secretary by Julian Castro, former Mayor of San Antonio. On July 10, 2014 he was confirmed to be the next Director of the Office of Management and Budget. He was ceremoniously sworn in by Vice President Joe Biden on August 5, 2014."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Idaho,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Idaho was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 25.3% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Polling in the state gave a very comfortable lead to Republican John McCain over Democrat Barack Obama, sometimes by a margin of at least 30 percent, the most being 43 percent. Idaho was largely considered a safely Republican state, as it has not gone Democratic since Lyndon B. Johnson's landslide victory in 1964."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Delaware,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Delaware took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Delaware was won by Democrat nominee Barack Obama with 25.0% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. His running mate, Joe Biden, a longtime U.S. Senator from Delaware, also helped assure a definite victory. Only one county went for John McCain, the more rural area of Sussex County by a margin of approximately 7,000 votes or 8.58%."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Florida,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Florida took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 27 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Florida was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 2.8% margin of victory. Prior to the election, most news organizations considered this a toss-up, or swing state, as it was heavily targeted by both campaigns. Despite the fact that polls showed McCain in the lead throughout much of 2008, Obama took the momentum in the two months before Election Day. Obama ended up winning the state with 51% of the vote, including wins in four counties that Bush won in 2004."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Minnesota,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Minnesota took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 10 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Minnesota was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 10.2% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Barack Obama carried the state with 54.06% of the vote in 2008 over John McCain's 43.82%. Minnesota has not voted Republican since Richard Nixon in 1972."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helene_J._Sinnreich> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Helene Julia Sinnreich (born 1975) is Director of the Center for Judaic and Holocaust Studies at Youngstown State University. She is editor-in-chief of the Journal of Jewish Identities. She is Executive Director of the Ohio Council for Holocaust Education and served as a Charles H. Revson Foundation Fellow at the Center for Advanced Holocaust Studies at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in 2007. Dr. Sinnreich was a fellow at Yad Vashem in 2009.Sinnreich received her Ph.D. in comparative history from Brandeis University in 2004. Her areas of specialization are Holocaust history, Polish-Jewish history, and Nazi ghettoization policy. Her research focuses on the Łódź and Kraków ghettos.  Sinnreich also researches rape and the Holocaust.Personal LifeSinnreich is the daughter of Karen and Simon Sinnreich of Tampa, FL and was married on October 10, 2010 to Wesley Johnson Jr.  Dr. Sinnreich is mother to Nathan Maxwell Johnson born October 11, 2011.  Nathan was photographed in a widely distributed photograph with President Barack Obama on July 6, 2012.The photograph has subsequently been made into a mural in Houston."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_former_members_of_the_United_States_Cabinet> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of living former members of the Cabinet of the United States, meaning living individuals who were confirmed by the Senate and served as Secretary of State, Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of Defense, Attorney General, Secretary of the Interior, Secretary of Agriculture, Secretary of Commerce, Secretary of Labor, Secretary of Health and Human Services, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Secretary of Transportation, Secretary of Energy, Secretary of Education, Secretary of Veterans Affairs, or Secretary of Homeland Security. This list also includes living individuals who held the former Cabinet positions of Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and Postmaster General.This list does not include Cabinet-level positions, such as Vice President of the United States, Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and Trade Representative.No Cabinet members of any presidential administration prior to the Lyndon Johnson Administration are still living. All former Cabinet members of the George W. Bush and Barack Obama Administrations are still living.The oldest living former cabinet member is William Coleman, Secretary of Transportation during the Ford Administration. The youngest living former cabinet member is Shaun Donovan, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development during the Obama Administration."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iman_Crosson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Iman Crosson (born March 27, 1982), better known by his stage name Alphacat, is an American actor, impressionist and YouTube personality and is known for his impersonations of U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Rogers,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Washington Rogers, Jr. (born March 31, 1958) is an investor who founded Ariel Capital Management (now Ariel Investments, LLC)in 1983.  He is chairman and CEO of the company, which is the United States' largest minority-run mutual fund firm.  He has been a regular contributor to Forbes magazine for most of the last decade. Active in the 2008 Barack Obama presidential campaign, Rogers was a leader of the 2009 Inauguration committee.   Rogers was appointed as the Board President of the Chicago Park District for six years in the 1990s.  He has also was appointed as board member to several companies, as a leader of several organizations affiliated with his collegiate alma mater, and as a leader in youth education in his native Chicago.  In 2007, Rogers was honored with the Woodrow Wilson Award from Princeton University for the breadth and depth of his service to many organizations. While a student at Princeton, he was captain of the 1979–80 Ivy League co-champion Princeton Tigers men's basketball team."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Schale> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steve Schale is a political strategist in Florida.  He was the State Director for the Barack Obama campaign in Florida, managing Obama's 2008 effort in the state. Born in Kankakee, IL, Schale is a graduate of the University of the South in Sewanee, TN, where he received degrees in Political Science and History.  He got his political start in 1996, managing the state house campaign of Doug Wiles of St. Augustine.  Wiles, who for several terms represented the most Republican seat held by a Democrat, went on to become the Minority Leader of the State House in Florida, where Schale joined him as his Communications Director.In 2005, Schale left the legislature to take over the political operations of the State House Democratic Caucus, where under his leadership and working with now State Senator Dan Gelber, the Democrats had their best two-year election cycle in history, picking up nine districts previously held by Republicans, for which Schale was called the \"newest star of the Florida Democratic Party\" by the St. Petersburg Times, and \"Wunderkind\" by the National Journal.In June 2008, Schale was hired by Obama for America to run the Tampa-based Florida operation, helping Senator Obama become the first non-incumbent Democrat to win Florida since President Jimmy Carter's win in 1976, leading an effort that the Miami Herald said will \"change the way politics is practiced in Florida.\"  In winning Florida, Obama carried most of the critical swing counties in central Florida and registered hundreds of thousands of new voters.Following the Obama campaign, Schale returned to Tallahassee, where is married to Nikole Souder-Schale, a regional Vice President with the American Heart Association.  He is currently advising the Florida Democratic Party's state house operation and Dan Gelber, a possible candidate for Florida's open United States Senate seat."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate_special_election_in_New_York,_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2010 United States Senate special election in New York took place on November 2, 2010, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Governor David Paterson had appointed Kirsten Gillibrand to serve as United States Senator from New York until the 2010 special election, replacing former Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, who resigned to serve as Secretary of State in the Barack Obama administration. The winner of the special election was to complete the term ending in January 2013. The next election for a full six-year term will be held in November 2012. The special election took place concurrently with the regular election for the Senate seat held by Charles Schumer and the 2010 New York gubernatorial election.Due to this special election, this was the first time since the ratification of the 17th Amendment in 1913 that all of New York's six statewide offices were up for popular election on the same date.  This coincided with the election of all 29 members from New York of the House of Representatives, and all 212 members of the New York State legislature, and also when many other elections were held."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Schapiro> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mary L. Schapiro (born June 19, 1955) served as the 29th Chairperson of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). She was appointed by President Barack Obama, unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate, and assumed the Chairwomanship on January 27, 2009. She is the first woman to be the permanent Chair of the SEC. In 2009, Forbes ranked her the 56th most powerful woman in the world.Schapiro served in various roles as a financial services regulator in the administrations of Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and Bill Clinton. From 2006 to early 2009, she was the Chairman and CEO of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the securities industry's self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers and exchanges in the United States."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hochberg> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Fred P. Hochberg  is an American businessman who has played leadership roles in government, non-profit and academic organizations. He is currently chairman and president of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, having been appointed in January 2009 and confirmed in May 2009.  He was a fundraiser for the campaign of Barack Obama for President and a member of the Obama transition team. He has also contributed opinion pieces and commentaries to a number of news outlets. He previously served as acting administrator of the Small Business Administration (SBA) in the Clinton Administration.Under his leadership in FY 2012, Ex-Im Bank for the fourth straight year set export finance records in a number of key areas. Overall financing for the first time exceeded $35.7 billion in authorizations, including nearly $10 billion in fossil fuel projects. The Bank worked with more than 3,400 U.S. companies, 85 percent of which were small businesses. Ex-Im financing has helped support hundreds of thousands of jobs over the last four years.During Hochberg's tenure, the Bank has increased its focus on customers, both foreign buyers and U.S. exporters. It is seeking new markets for U.S. goods and services in emerging economies with growing infrastructure needs, including Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Turkey, India, Indonesia, Vietnam, Nigeria and South Africa. Hochberg has also worked to expand the global footprint of key domestic industries in which U.S. exporters have a comparative advantage. These include fossil fuel, construction and farm machinery, medical technology, agriculture, and avionics. Hochberg’s support for record-breaking levels of fossil fuel projects has led to sustained criticism from environmental organizations. In addition, he has streamlined processes, cut transaction times and introduced new financial products."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowmageddon> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Snowmageddon, Snowpocalypse, and Snowzilla are portmanteaus of the word \"snow\" with either \"Armageddon\", \"Apocalypse\" and \"Godzilla\" respectively. Snowmageddon and Snowpocalypse seem to have first been published in the popular press in Canada during January 2009, and was also used in January 2010 by The Guardian reporter Charlie Brooker on January 16, 2010 in order to describe heavy snowfall across the United Kingdom during the preceding days. The Washington Post, out of Washington, DC, ran an online poll asking for reader feedback prior to the First North American blizzard of 2010 on February 4, 2010, and several blogs, including the Washington Post '​s own blog, followed that up by using either \"Snowmageddon\" and or \"Snowpocalypse\" before, during, and after the storm hit.The Washington Post also popularized the terms \"snOMG\" and \"kaisersnoze\" (see Keyser Söze) in response to the February snowstorms.During the evening preceding the first blizzard hitting Washington, DC, most of the United States federal government closed, and press coverage continued to characterize the storm using either \"Snowmageddon\", \"Snowpocalypse\", or both. The phrase was later popularized by the President of the United States, Barack Obama, on February 8, 2010, who used the term while speaking at the Democratic National Committee's meeting.The term \"Snowpocalypse\" was used in the Pacific Northwest to refer to a snowstorm in December 2008.The 2008 children's book Winter Blast by Chris Wright, uses the term \"snowmageddon\" in the storyline of the book."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKPD_Message_and_Media> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "AKPD Message and Media is an American political and media consulting firm catering to Democratic candidates and related causes. Formerly Axelrod and Associates, it is named after its four original partners: David Axelrod, John Kupper, David Plouffe, and John Del Cecato. All four were members of Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign, with Plouffe serving as campaign manager, Axelrod as senior strategist, and Del Cecato as media advisor. Axelrod, who is personally close to Obama, left AKPD to serve as Senior Advisor to the President in the Obama Administration and sold the firm to Kupper, Del Cecato and Larry Grisolano. AKPD's advertising and strategy have been widely credited for significantly altering elections in their clients favor. TIME has praised one of their most talked about ads, \"Dante,\" as \"The Ad that Won the New York Mayor's Race.\". AKPD's offices are located in Chicago, Washington DC, and New York where it has recently expanded its presence by partnering with Bully Pulpit Interactive and Analytics Media Group."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama:_Der_schwarze_Kennedy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama – Der schwarze Kennedy (English: Barack Obama – The black Kennedy) is a best-selling German-language biography of President of the United States Barack Obama by journalist Christoph von Marschall. The book was written by Marschall while he spent much of 2007 travelling with Obama's presidential campaign as a reporter for the Berlin newspaper  Der Tagesspiegel.  It covers Obama’s life from his childhood, through his college years, his time as a community organizer in Chicago, Illinois, and his political career including his 2008 presidential campaign.  Marschall sums up his impressions of Obama by saying, “Seine Lebensgeschichte steht für den amerikanischen Traum.” (“His life story stands for the American Dream.”)The title of the book, which implies a close similarity between Obama and John F. Kennedy, seemed gimmicky to some people when it was published in December 2007.  However, in the following months many other Germans compared the two men and expressed hope that an Obama presidency would bring better relations between the United States and Europe. Kennedy is very popular in Germany, with many recalling his famous statement, “Ich bin ein Berliner\" (“I am a Berliner”) – given in West Berlin in 1963 at the height of the Cold War.  Steffen Hallaschka, a moderator for Germany's NDR TV, said: \"Germans in the '60s projected a lot of hope and fantasies on Kennedy. This is what they are doing with Obama.\"Barack Obama – Der schwarze Kennedy has been credited with helping to inspire interest in and support for Obama among people in Germany, with \"der schwarze Kennedy\" becoming a popular expression.  Marschall, however, has pointed out in some interviews that Obama’s Democratic Party primary rival Hillary Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, are also popular in Germany and in the rest of Europe."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Maryland,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Maryland took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 10 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Maryland was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 25.4% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. The Old Line State has voted for the Democratic presidential candidate of every election since 1992. In 2008, Obama easily captured the state's 10 electoral votes in a landslide victory, winning 61.92% of the popular vote to Republican John McCain's 36.47%.  It was Obama's best performance in a southern state."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/I105-107FM> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "i105-107FM is a regional radio station in Ireland that broadcasts to the north east and midlands of the country. The station is one of four regional youth orientated stations that were licensed by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland to challenge the current monopoly in the 15 to 34 age bracket by national stations RTÉ 2fm and Today FM.The station is based in Athlone and broadcasts to Counties Carlow, Cavan, Kildare, (north) Laois, Louth, Meath, Monaghan, Offaly and Westmeath between the frequencies of 104.7 MHz and 106.7 MHz, as well as offering an online stream.The station's sister was i102-104, but in 2011, they merged to form iRadioi105-107FM was launched in November 2008 and is owned by the iRadio consortium, who also hold the licence for the north west service through i102-104FM, which was launched in February 2008, and the two stations share a number of programmes including the Tommy and Hector Show.On the day Barack Obama was inaugurated (20 January 2009), the station changed its name to temporarily to 'Obama FM' in his honour for the day."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Mills> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Karen Gordon Mills (born September 14, 1953) served as the 23rd Administrator of the Small Business Administration (SBA). She was nominated by President-elect Barack Obama on December 19, 2008, confirmed unanimously by the Senate on April 2, 2009, and sworn in on April 6, 2009. During her tenure, her office was elevated to the rank of Cabinet-level officer, expanding her power on policy decisions and granting her access to cabinet meetings. On February 11, 2013 Mills announced her resignation as Administrator of the SBA."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_Song_(book)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Redemption Song: An Irish Reporter Inside the Obama Campaign, is a book by Niall Stanage about the 2008 presidential election campaign of Barack Obama.It was first published by Liberties Press, Dublin on December 1, 2008, so becoming one of the first books published anywhere to cover the entirety of Obama's campaign. [1] The author is based in New York—he is a regular contributor to The New York Observer—but was born and raised in Belfast, hence the Irish reference in the book's subtitle, and its initial release through an Irish publisher. It is distributed in North America by Dufour Editions.Redemption Song received a generally positive critical reception upon its release, being described as \"extraordinary...superbly written\" by The Irish News, \"terrific.... a real insider's account\" by the Evening Herald[3] and \"sharp, incisive\" by The Sunday Business Post.[4]Pat Rabbitte, the former leader of the Irish Labour Party reviewed Redemption Song for the Irish edition of the Mail on Sunday on December 21, 2008. Awarding the book four stars out of five, he said of the author, \"He has written a very fine book, culminating in that magic night in Chicago when the world watched men and women cry as the results came in and hope and history seemed to rhyme.\" (The last phrase is a reference to a famous poem by Seamus Heaney called 'The Cure at Troy'.)Redemption Song is broadly sympathetic to Obama. Although it includes some detail about the president-elect's early life, its focus is on the period between Obama's landmark speech to the 2004 Democratic National Convention and his election as president on November 4, 2008. It draws heavily on Stanage's eye-witness campaign trail reporting, including interviews with key Obama advisers, old friends and grassroots volunteers."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Michigan,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 4, 2008. It was part of the 2008 United States presidential election which happened throughout all 50 states and D.C.. Voters chose 17 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Michigan was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 16.5% margin of victory. Early on, the state was heavily targeted as a swing state. However, Obama started to pull away in the polls during the last few months, causing McCain to stop campaigning there. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. The Great Lakes State usually leans Democratic, as it has voted for the Democratic presidential nominee in every election since 1992. The last Republican presidential nominee to carry Michigan was George H.W. Bush in 1988. In the end, Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama won Michigan by a larger-than-expected margin of victory: 57.33% - 40.89%."@en .corpus226.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Tennessee,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in Tennessee took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Tennessee was won by Republican nominee John McCain by 15.06 percentage points. Prior to the election, 17 news organizations considered Tennessee a win for McCain. Early polling in Tennessee gave a solid edge to McCain over Democrat Barack Obama by up to a 20-point margin. The expected \"landslide\" by McCain in Tennessee meant there was little campaigning there. Most news organizations immediately called Tennessee for McCain as soon as all the polls in the state closed. McCain even improved upon George W. Bush's performance in 2004, a much better year nationally for the Republicans."@en .corpus227.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Fax_on_Washington> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Million Fax on Washington was a November 2008 – January 2009 petition aimed at influencing President-elect of the United States Barack Obama to focus the attention of his new administration on the conspiracy theory that claims indications of an extraterrestrial presence on Earth and in our skies.The event was organized by Paradigm Research, a Maryland-based corporation that organizes UFO events. The goal of the Million Fax on Washington project was to reach 40,000 faxes sent to the administration in the 77-day period between election day November 4, 2008  and the presidential inauguration on January 20, 2009."@en .corpus227.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_A._McChrystal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stanley Allen McChrystal (born August 14, 1954)is a retired United States Army general. His last assignment was as Commander, International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) and Commander, U.S. Forces Afghanistan (USFOR-A). He previously served as Director, Joint Staff from August 2008 to June 2009 and as Commander, Joint Special Operations Command from 2003 to 2008, where he was credited with the death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq, but also criticized for his alleged role in the cover-up of the Pat Tillman friendly fire incident. McChrystal was reportedly known for saying and thinking what other military leaders were afraid to; this was one of the reasons cited for his appointment to lead all forces in Afghanistan. He held the post from June 15, 2009, to June 23, 2010.Following unflattering remarks about Vice President Joe Biden and other administration officials attributed to McChrystal and his aides in a Rolling Stone article, McChrystal was recalled to Washington, D.C., where President Barack Obama accepted his resignation as commander in Afghanistan. His command of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan was assumed by the deputy commander, British General Sir Nicholas \"Nick\" Parker, pending the confirmation of a replacement. Obama named General David Petraeus as McChrystal's replacement; Petraeus was confirmed by the Senate and officially assumed command on June 30. Days after being relieved of his duties in Afghanistan, McChrystal announced his retirement."@en .corpus227.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_L._Mizer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lieutenant Commander Brian L. Mizer, USN, is a Navy JAG officer.  He is from the State of Nebraska.  He attended Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska for his undergraduate degree and Case Western Reserve University for his juris doctorate.He is notable for serving as one the chief defense counsel for Salim Ahmed Hamdan, a former driver of Osama bin Laden, when he faced charges before a Guantánamo military commission.On 23 April 2008 attorneys working on behalf of Salim Ahmed Hamdan requested permission to meet with Abdulmalik Mohammed and Mustafa al-Hawsawi.Hamdan's attorneys had previously requested permission to get the \"high-value detainees\" to answer written questions, which would confirm whether Hamdan played a role in al Qaeda, and, if so, if it had been a peripheral one.Abdulmalik Mohammed and Mustafa al-Hawsawi declined to answer the questions, because they said they had no way to know that the questions purporting to be from Hamdan's attorneys was not a ruse.Andrea J. Prasow requested permission for Lieutenant Commander Brian Mizer to meet in person with the two men to try to assure them that the questions were not a ruse, and would not be shared with their interrogators.Hamdan was convicted in August 2008.His Presiding Officer's decision that he should be credited with the time he had already served, left him with a scheduled release date of December 31, 2008—just over four months later.  Chief Prosecutor Lawrence Morris filed an appeal, asserting that Presiding Officers didn't have the authority to credit time served.The Wall Street Journal quoted Mizer's response: “I really am at a loss for words. The government, having stacked the deck, is now complaining about the hand it was dealt.”In November 2008 The New Republic quoted Mizer explaining why the use of torture would complicate the prosecution of other suspects.Mizer told reporters that he was surprised to learn that Hamdan had been transferred to Yemen on 1 December 2008, calling it \"welcome news\".In the fall of 2008 chief prosecutor Colonel Morris Davis resigned after a conflict of authority with Brigadier General Thomas W. Hartmann.Davis felt that Hartmann had inappropriately usurped his own role in designating which captives should face charges, when Hartmann's role as Legal Advisor to the Convening Authority for the Guantánamo Military Commissions required neutrality.  Davis became a critic of the operation of the Military Commission system, and on December 8, 2008, the New York Times reported that Mizer planned to call upon Davis to testify on undue command influence in Hamdan's case.In early January 2009 the Office of Military Commissions dismissed all charges against all the suspects, with plans to re-initiate those charges later.Commentators described the state of the cases against the captives as \"chaotic\".  According to Peter Finn, reporting in the Washington Post, Mizer greeted the news with disbelief, stating: \"This is military justice 101.\"When President Barack Obama ordered the closure of Guantánamo base on January 22, 2009 Mizer commented:"@en .corpus227.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_journalism> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "According to JP 1-02, Department of Defense Dictionary of Military and Associated Terms, a military journalist is \"A US Service member or Department of Defense civilian employee providing photographic, print, radio, or television command information for military internal audiences. See also command information. (JP 3-61)\"Military journalists are part Public Affairs, defined by JP 1-02 as \"Those public information, command information, and community relations activities directed toward both the external and internal publics with interest in the Department of Defense.\"Command information, therefore, is just one of the responsibilities of Public Affairs set by Department of Defense policy. DoDD 5122.5 sets forth these Principles of Information:E2.1. INFORMATIONIt is DoD policy to make available timely and accurate information so that the public, the Congress, and the news media may assess and understand the facts about national security and defense strategy. Requests for information from organizations and private citizens shall be answered quickly.In carrying out that DoD policy, the following principles of information shall apply:E2.1.1. Information shall be made fully and readily available, consistent with statutory requirements, unless its release is precluded by national security constraints or valid statutory mandates or exceptions. The \"Freedom of Information Act\" will be supported in both letter and spirit.E2.1.2. A free flow of general and military information shall be made available, without censorship or propaganda, to the men and women of the Armed Forces and their dependents.E2.1.3. Information will not be classified or otherwise withheld to protect the Government from criticism or embarrassment.E2.1.4. Information shall be withheld when disclosure would adversely affect national security, threaten the safety or privacy of U.S. Government personnel or their families, violate the privacy of the citizens of the United States, or be contrary to law.E2.1.5. The Department of Defense's obligation to provide the public with information on DoD major programs may require detailed Public Affairs (PA) planning and coordination in the Department of Defense and with the other Government Agencies. Such activity is to expedite the flow of information to the public; propaganda has no place in DoD public affairs programs. DODD 5122.5, Sep. 27, 2000JP 1-02 defines propaganda as \"Any form of communication in support of national objectives designed to influence the opinions, emotions, attitudes, or behavior of any group in order to benefit the sponsor, either directly or indirectly.\"The effort to counter enemy propaganda, therefore, both directly and indirectly benefits the sponsor. It has been a function of Psychological Operations (PSYOP) and not Public Affairs. JP 1-02 defines Counterpropaganda Operations as \"Those psychological operations (PSYOP) activities that identify adversary propaganda, contribute to situational awareness, and serve to expose adversary attempts to influence friendly populations and military forces. (JP 3-53)\"Each branch of service has regulations that further define the roles of military journalists, but in a time of war, for example, Doctrine forPublic Affairs in Joint Operations (JP 3-61) \"provides joint doctrine for public affairs support during joint operations and US military support to news media in conjunction with military operations.\"JP 3-61 states, \"PA must be aware of the practice of PSYOP, but should have no role in planning or executing these operations.\"The responsibilities of Public Affairs vs PSYOP are, therefore, fundamentally different.JP 3-61 of May 14, 1997 contained no references to adversary propaganda. JP 3-61 was updated May 9, 2005 to include 16 references to adversary propaganda, which includes this revision:\"Public affairs counters adversary propaganda and disinformation by providing a continuous flow of credible, reliable, timely, and accurate information to military members, their families, the media, and the public. This capability allows PA to help defeat adversary efforts to diminish national will, degrade morale, and turn world opinion against friendly operations. PA must be engaged in operational planning, have visibility into domestic and international press reports, as well as relevant intelligence, understand common adversary propaganda techniques, and be very aggressive by anticipating and countering adversary propaganda— putting accurate, complete information out first so that friendly forces gain the initiative and remain the preferred source of information. Gaining and maintaining the information initiative in a conflict can help discredit and undermine adversary propaganda.[...] PA operations keep military members and their families informed about operations, events, and issues to counter adversary propaganda efforts, and reduce stress and uncertainty, and other factors that may undermine mission accomplishment.\"The impact of this conflicting update means that the military journalist is required by doctrine to never \"influence the opinions, emotions, attitudes, or behavior of any group in order to benefit the sponsor, either directly or indirectly\" while at the same time \"help defeat adversary efforts to diminish national will, degrade morale, and turn world opinion against friendly operations\" and \"to counter adversary propaganda efforts,and reduce stress and uncertainty, and other factors that may undermine mission accomplishment\"The military journalist is required by doctrine to participate in counter propaganda efforts, even though the same doctrine defines those efforts as a function of PSYOP, which is something Public Affairs should never execute, according to the same doctrine.Military journalists must rely on the Combatant Commander's responsibility, IAW JP 3-61, to \"Ensure planned ground rules for releasing information to civilian media apply equally to military journalists and broadcasters.\"Then military journalists are unable to release information until it is cleared by a designated release authority, a Public Affairs Officer, whose responsibility is to coordinate and synchronize efforts with PSYOP. Despite the information being releasable according the DOD Principles of Information, the official policy of \"Maximum disclosure with minimum delay,\" and does not violate Operations Security (OPSEC) or threaten national security, any number of subjective factors arising from public perception cause a military journalist's information to be withheld from public release, some of which are detailed in DODI 5230.29. According to which, \"All information submitted for review to OSR must first be coordinated within the originating DoD Component to ensure that it reflects the organization’s policy position.\"An additional contradiction in doctrine then arises when news does not reflect \"the organization’s policy position.\" Added to which, all news that is released must reflect the organization's policy position, despite doctrine prohibiting information \"in order to benefit the sponsor, either directly or indirectly\" and other doctrine encouraging the \"free flow of information.\"The Army's policy for military journalists is further clarified in FM 46-1: \"Not all news is good news[...]the Army and its operations will be both positive and negative. [...]PAOs cannot control media coverage or guarantee positive media products. DoD policy is that information will not be classified or otherwise withheld to protect the government from criticism or embarrassment. Information can only be withheld when its disclosurewould adversely affect national and operations security or threaten the safety or privacy of members of the military community. [...]It is DoD and Army policy to take an active approach to providing information. The Army will practice the principle of “maximum disclosure with minimum delay,” even though this will sometimes result in the publication of stories which are not favorable to the command.[...]Because the Army is an agency of the U.S. government, its internal audiences, local community members, and members of the American public as a whole, have a right to know about its operations. More importantly, the Army has an obligation to keep these audiences informed.[...]Public affairs operations should employ an active approach. PAOs must take the lead in contributing to accurate, credible, and balanced coverage by practicing maximum disclosure with minimum delay.\"Yet the same doctrine states, \"Public affairs operations should be planned and executed to influence the presentation of information about the force by providing truthful, complete, and timely information that communicates the Army perspective,\" despite conflicting doctrine that denounces propaganda to \"influence the opinions, emotions, attitudes, or behavior of any group in order to benefit the sponsor, either directly or indirectly.\"In other Army doctrine explaining an Information Operations Estimate, FM 3-13, \"IO-cell members—especially the PSYOP, civil-military operations, and public affairs (PA) representatives—identify how best to influence the attitudes and actions of the civilian populace...\" and in a Commander's Guidance example, \"Use PA to favorably influence the population in the AO and worldwide. Emphasize the lead role of the ASA and tell the truth: that we are here to assist a well-trained army accomplish a worthwhile mission.\" The Public Affairs Officer must help, \"ensure an integrated strategy and a unified effort to communicate the Army’s perspective and to favorably portray tactical and operational objectives.\"One distinctly effective way (of many) that suppresses military journalism in conflict with this \"perspective\" or \"organizational policy\" is taught outside of official, high-level, DoD policy at the Defense Information School, where military journalists and Public Affairs Officers are trained:Command Messages: \"plain or secret language\" that \"communicate the command’s position in everything we do\" which are designed for informing and \"persuading – through accurately provided information – those publics to support and accept the action.\" This is a \"Command Message (your organization's policy or position)\"Another distinctly effective way that suppresses civilian journalism in conflict with these \"command messages\" is to employ:Media ground rules: Guidelines that media must adhere to if they want to continue getting support from the military. One of 20 media ground rules, as of October 15, 2009, that applies equally to civilian and military journalists in the CJTF-82's Area of Operations (AO) in Afghanistan, for example, is \"During interviews, no questions will be asked about the politics of the military. (e.g. Iraq war, equipment, readiness, funding, etc.)\" Most ground rules are justified by Operations Security. Funding?These policies remain despite the Commander in Chief, Barack Obama's Open Government Directive that conveys the, \"Government should be transparent. Transparency promotes accountability and provides information for citizens about what their Government is doing.\"The U.S. military journalist, therefore, is a journalist whose job, at the highest level of accountability, is defined by an obligation to fully inform the public without design to directly or indirectly benefit the military, but who must also fight subjective policy, ambiguous definitions, and conflicting doctrine designed to deceive the public with hidden political agendas.The military has been increasingly spending billions to do so, in which Sheldon Rampton, research director for the Committee on Media and Democracy, calls a \"massive apparatus selling the military to us.\""@en .corpus227.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Blagojevich_corruption_charges> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rod Blagojevich, former Governor of Illinois, is an American politician under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation since 2005 for corruption. Blagojevich and his Chief of Staff John Harris were charged with corruption by federal prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald. As a result of the scandal, Blagojevich was impeached by the Illinois General Assembly and removed from office by the Illinois Senate in January 2009. The federal investigation continued after this removal, and Blagojevich was indicted on corruption charges in April 2009. On August 17, the jury found him guilty of one charge of making false statements with a mistrial being declared on the other 23 counts due to a hung jury after 14 days of jury deliberation. On June 27, 2011, after a retrial, Blagojevich was found guilty of 17 charges of corruption (including wire fraud, attempted extortion, and conspiracy to solicit bribes), not guilty on one charge and the jury deadlocked after 10 days of deliberation on the two remaining charges. On December 7, 2011, Blagojevich was sentenced to 14 years in prison.The investigation became public knowledge when a federal judge revealed that Blagojevich was the \"Public Official A\" in the indictment of Tony Rezko. The case gained widespread attention with the simultaneous arrests of Blagojevich and his chief of staff, John Harris, on December 9, 2008, at their homes by federal agents. Blagojevich and Harris were each charged with one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and one count of soliciting bribes. The case involved sweeping pay to play and influence peddling allegations, including the alleged solicitation of personal benefit in exchange for an appointment to the United States Senate as a replacement for Barack Obama, who had resigned after being elected President of the United States (see bribery). United States Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald noted that there had been no evidence of wrongdoing by Obama.After the arrest, Illinois elected officials began calling on Blagojevich to resign. The 50 members of the U.S. Senate's Democratic caucus called on Blagojevich to not appoint a senator and pledged not to seat anyone he attempted to appoint. Legislators introduced bills in both houses of the Illinois General Assembly to remove the Governor's power to appoint a senator and require a special election; however, no such bill passed. Blagojevich did eventually appoint Roland Burris to the seat. Despite attempts to keep Burris from taking the seat in the U.S. Senate, he was eventually allowed to take the oath of office. Within days of Blagojevich's arrest, Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan filed a motion with the Illinois Supreme Court seeking to declare the Governor \"unable to serve\" and strip him of the powers of his office. The court denied the request. Meanwhile, Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives Mike Madigan (the Attorney General's father) announced that on December 16 he would begin impeachment proceedings. The state House impeached Blagojevich on January 9, 2009, and the state Senate convicted him on January 29, thereby removing him; they also disqualified him from holding further office in the state."@en .corpus228.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bennet> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael Farrand Bennet (born November 28, 1964) is an American businessman, lawyer, and Democratic politician. He is the senior senator from Colorado. He became senior senator when Mark Udall left the senate in 2015. Bennet previously worked as managing director for the Anschutz Investment Company, chief of staff to then-Denver mayor (and current Colorado Governor) John Hickenlooper, and the superintendent of Denver Public Schools.Born in New Delhi, India, he is the son of Douglas J. Bennet, a former State Department official and college president. In high school Bennet worked as a Senate page on Capitol Hill. After graduating from Wesleyan University he worked for Ohio Governor Richard Celeste. He went on to receive his law degree from Yale Law School, where he was the Editor-in-Chief of the Yale Law Journal. He worked as a law clerk and later as Counsel to the U.S. Deputy Attorney General in the Clinton administration.Bennet worked for six years with the Anschutz Investment Company in Denver. As Managing Director he led the reorganizations of four distressed companies, requiring the restructuring of over $3 billion in debt. As chief of staff to Mayor Hickenlooper, he worked on balancing budgets and negotiating collective-bargaining agreements. He became superintendent of the Denver public school system in July 2005, where he revised a merit pay proposal with the support of local teachers. As one of President Barack Obama's early advisers on education issues, Bennet was speculated in late 2008 as a frontrunner for Obama's United States Secretary of Education. He was instead appointed by Governor Bill Ritter to fill the U.S. Senate seat vacated by Ken Salazar when Salazar became Secretary of the Interior in January 2009. Bennet was elected in the 2010 Senate election where he defeated Republican Ken Buck. Now serving his first full term, he is the chairman of the Senate Agriculture Subcommittee on Conservation, Forestry and Natural Resources and is serving as chair of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC) for the 2014 elections."@en .corpus228.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Performance_Officer_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chief Performance Officer of the United States (CPO) is a position in the Office of Management and Budget (within the Executive Office of the President of the United States), first announced on January 7, 2009, by then President-elect Barack Obama. The new post concentrates on the federal budget and government reform.Obama selected Nancy Killefer to be the first CPO/Deputy OMB Director for Management, but before the Senate could vote on her confirmation, she withdrew her nomination, citing a \"personal tax issue\" as a likely distraction for the Obama administration.Jeffrey Zients was nominated as CPO on April 18, 2009,  and confirmed by the Senate on June 19, 2009."@en .corpus228.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois'_1st_congressional_district_election,_2000> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2000 United States House of Representatives election for the 1st district in Illinois took place on November 7, 2000 to elect a representative from Illinois's 1st congressional district for the 107th United States Congress.  Incumbent Democratic Representative Bobby Rush faced a primary challenge from Barack Obama. Rush defeated Obama 61 percent to 30 percent, with other candidates combining for the remaining nine percent. Rush then defeated his Republican opponent, Raymond Wardingley, 87 percent to 12 percent, ensuring his reelection.Subsequent to this election Obama was elected to the United States Senate in 2004. He was then elected President of the United States in 2008 and re-elected in 2012."@en .corpus228.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoop's_Hamburgers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Schoop's Hamburgers is a 1950s-style hamburger restaurant with 18 locations in northwestern Indiana and the southern Chicago suburbs. The first restaurant was opened in Hammond, Indiana, in 1948. The chain started in 1984 in Munster. In August 2008, Barack Obama made a campaign stop at a Schoop's restaurant in Portage, Indiana, during his campaign for the presidency in 2008. During his visit, Obama ate one french fry and ordered four hamburgers."@en .corpus229.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Days_Campaign> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article refers to a publicity stunt. For the Napoleonic military campaign, see Hundred Days. For the final offensive of World War I, see Hundred Days Offensive.The 100 Days Campaign was set up in 2008 by Amnesty International to demonstrate President-elect Barack Obama’s commitment to human rights. Amnesty International called for certain concrete steps in Obama's first 100 days in office that would demonstrate a genuine commitment to bringing the United States into line with its international obligations.The three main ideas behind the 100 Days campaign were as follows: The planned date and closure of Guantanamo Bay; The issuance of an executive order banning torture and other ill-treatment, as defined under international law; To ensure that an independent commission to investigate abuses committed by the U.S. government in its \"war on terror\" was set up.These demands are part of a checklist of actions Amnesty International has asked the new U.S. President to take during the first 100 days in office.Guitarist Tom Morello, who has been a long-time supporter of Amnesty International, teamed up with Amnesty's 100 Days Action."@en .corpus229.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kennel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles F. Kennel (born 1939) is an American scientist and member of the United States National Academy of Sciences born in Cambridge, Massachusetts.Kennel received a bachelor's degree in astronomy from Harvard College and a doctorate in astrophysical sciences from Princeton University.In 1997 he received the James Clerk Maxwell Prize in Plasma Physics. In 2009, he was advertised by NASA Watch as a potential pick by Barack Obama as the next NASA Administrator."@en .corpus229.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Barrington_Wolff> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tobias Barrington Wolff (born 1970) is a professor of law at the University of Pennsylvania Law School where he teaches classes on sexuality and the law, same sex marriage and human rights. He is well known for his legal advocacy on same sex marriage and other LGBT-related issues, and has served as the chief advisor and spokesperson on LGBT issues for Barack Obama throughout his 2007-08 presidential campaign. He is openly gay."@en .corpus229.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_McGill> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anthony McGill is the principal clarinetist for the New York Philharmonic, after having served for a decade as principal clarinet of the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra.  McGill is originally from Chicago, Illinois, growing up in the city's Chatham neighborhood. He attended the Interlochen Arts Academy, the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and is an instructor at the Peabody Institute at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland and the Mannes College of Music in New York City.  McGill is one of the few African American musicians to hold a principal position in a major orchestra.Along with Itzhak Perlman (violin), Yo-Yo Ma (cello), and Gabriela Montero (piano), he recorded and performed \"Air and Simple Gifts,\" composed by John Williams, for the inauguration of United States President Barack Obama on January 20, 2009.  Although the music played was a recording made two days prior due to concerns over the cold weather damaging the instruments, the four were actually playing at the same time as the recording.McGill's older brother, Demarre, is the principal flutist with the Dallas Symphony and previously held the same position with the Seattle Symphony and the San Diego Symphony.McGill is currently represented by Andrea Hoffman."@en .corpus229.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Lux> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mike Lux (born May 13, 1960, Lincoln, Nebraska) is the co-founder and President of Progressive Strategies, L.L.C., a political consulting firm founded in 1999, focused on strategic political consulting for non-profits, labor unions, PACs and progressive donors.Previously, he was Senior Vice President for Political Action at People For the American Way (PFAW), and the PFAW Foundation, and served in the Clinton White House from January 1993 to mid-1995 as a Special Assistant to the President for Public Liaison. He also played a role in five different presidential campaign teams. In recent years, he co-founded the influential progressive blog OpenLeft.com, and served in a key liaison role to the progressive community upon being named to the transition team for Barack Obama.Lux serves on the boards of several progressive organizations, including the Arca Foundation. In addition to serving on the board, he was a co-founder of Americans United for Change, Center for Progressive Leadership, Grassroots Democrats, PoliticsTV, Progressive Majority, and Women's Voices Women Vote. He also played a role in helping launch the Center for American Progress and Air America."@en .corpus229.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Johnson_(presidential_secretary)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Katherine B. \"KBJ\" Johnson served as the personal secretary to United States President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2011."@en .corpus23.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egghead> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In the American English slang, egghead is an anti-intellectual epithet used to refer to intellectuals or people considered too out-of-touch with ordinary people and too lacking in realism, common sense, virility, etc. on account of their intellectual interests. It was part of a widespread anti-elitist social movement that insisted that credentialed intellectuals were not the only smart people, but that serious human intelligence could be found widespread among ordinary people regardless of class, race or gender.  A similar, though not necessarily pejorative, British term is boffin.  The term egghead reached its peak currency during the 1950s, when vice-presidential candidate Richard Nixon used it against Democratic Presidential nominee Adlai Stevenson. It was used by Clinton advisor Paul Begala in the 2008 presidential campaign to describe Senator Barack Obama's supporters when he said, \"Obama can't win with just the eggheads and African-Americans.\""@en .corpus23.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Warren> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Duane \"Rick\" Warren (born January 28, 1954) is an American evangelical Christian pastor and author. He is the founder and senior pastor of Saddleback Church, an evangelical megachurch in Lake Forest, California, that is the eighth-largest church in the United States (including multi-site churches). He is also a bestselling author of many Christian books, including his guide to church ministry and evangelism, The Purpose Driven Church, which has spawned a series of conferences on Christian ministry and evangelism. He is perhaps best known for the subsequent devotional The Purpose Driven Life which has sold over 30 million copies, making Warren a New York Times bestselling author.Warren holds conservative theological views and holds traditional evangelical views on social issues such as abortion, same-sex marriage, abstinence-only education over the use of condoms to prevent HIV/AIDS, and embryonic stem-cell research.During the 2008 United States presidential election, Warren hosted the Civil Forum on The Presidency at his church with both presidential candidates, John McCain and Barack Obama. Obama later sparked controversy when he asked Warren to give the invocation at the presidential inauguration in January 2009."@en .corpus23.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Attorney_for_the_Southern_District_of_New_York> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York is the chief federal law enforcement officer in eight New York counties: New York (Manhattan), Bronx, Westchester, Putnam, Rockland, Orange, Dutchess, and Sullivan.  Preet Bharara, who was appointed by Barack Obama in 2009  is the U.S. Attorney for the District. Bharara took over the post from Lev L. Dassin, who was acting as the interim U.S. Attorney after Michael J. Garcia, appointed by President George W. Bush in 2005, stepped down in December 2008 to join the partnership of New York law firm Kirkland & Ellis.  The U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York has jurisdiction over all cases prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney.  The New York Times has called the office \"one of New York City's most powerful clubs.\"  Dozens of former assistant U. S. attorneys who worked there go on to prominent careers both in private practice and at the federal level."@en .corpus23.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_M._Hernández> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "José Moreno Hernández (born August 7, 1962), is an American engineer and a former NASA astronaut.Hernández was born in French Camp, California, but calls Stockton, California, his hometown. His family is from La Piedad, Michoacán, with indigenous Purépecha roots.  In an August 25, 2009 conversation with President Felipe Calderón of Mexico, Hernández stated that as a child, he lived half the year in La Piedad and half in the United States. As a child, Hernández worked alongside his family and other farmworkers throughout the fields of California, harvesting crops and moving from one town to another.  He attended many schools and didn't learn to speak English until he was 12.  Hernández was assigned to the crew of Space Shuttle mission STS-128. He also served as chief of the Materials and Processes branch of Johnson Space Center. Hernández previously developed equipment for full-field digital mammography at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. Hernández left NASA in 2011.In October 2011, Hernández announced that, at the urging of President Barack Obama, he would run as a Democrat for California's newly redrawn 10th congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives. In the national elections of 2012 he faced freshman incumbent Representative Jeff Denham in a race that was considered competitive."@en .corpus23.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sturtevant_Ruder> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Sturtevant Ruder (born May 25, 1929) is the William W. Gurley Memorial Professor of Law Emeritus at Northwestern University School of Law, where he has served on the faculty since 1961, and where he served as Dean from 1977 to 1985.  He served as chairman of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from 1987 to 1989, and later practiced with the Chicago-based law firm Baker & McKenzie. He served as Chairman of the Mutual Fund Directors Forum, an organization providing education to independent directors of mutual funds, from 2002–2010 and is currently the organization's Chairman Emeritus.Ruder is a 1951 graduate of Williams College (B.A. cum laude) and a 1957 graduate of the University of Wisconsin Law School (J.D., with honors). He received an honorary Doctor of Laws in 2002 from the University of Wisconsin–Madison.On May 14, 2008, Ruder, together with two other former SEC Chairmen, William Donaldson and Arthur Levitt, endorsed Barack Obama's candidacy for President"@en .corpus23.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterboarding> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Waterboarding is a form of torture, more specifically a type of water torture, in which water is poured over a cloth covering the face and breathing passages of an immobilized captive, causing the individual to experience the sensation of drowning. Waterboarding can cause extreme pain, dry drowning, damage to lungs, brain damage from oxygen deprivation, other physical injuries including broken bones due to struggling against restraints, lasting psychological damage, and death. Adverse physical consequences can manifest themselves months after the event, while psychological effects can last for years.In the most common method of waterboarding, the captive's face is covered with cloth or some other thin material, and the subject is immobilized on his/her back at an incline of 10 to 20 degrees. Torturers pour water onto the face over the breathing passages, causing an almost immediate gag reflex and creating the sensation for the captive that he is drowning.Vomitus travels up the esophagus, which can then be inhaled. Victims of waterboarding are at extreme risk of sudden death due to the aspiration of vomitus. The term water board torture appeared in press reports as early as 1976. In late 2007, it was widely reported that the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) was using waterboarding on extrajudicial prisoners and that the Office of Legal Counsel, Department of Justice, had authorized the procedure among enhanced interrogation techniques. Senator John McCain noted that the United States military hanged Japanese soldiers for waterboarding American prisoners of war during World War II. The CIA confirmed having used waterboarding on three Al-Qaeda suspects: Abu Zubaydah, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, in 2002 and 2003.In its war on terror, the George W. Bush administration through Jay S. Bybee, the Office of Legal Counsel, Department of Justice, issued in August 2002 and March 2003 what became known in 2004, after being leaked, as the Torture Memos. These legal opinions (including the 2002 Bybee memo) argued for a narrow definition of torture under U.S. law. The first three were addressed to the CIA, which took them as authority to use the described enhanced interrogation techniques (more generally classified as torture) on detainees classified as enemy combatants. In March 2003, John Yoo, the acting Office of Legal Counsel, issued a fourth memo to the General Counsel of DOD, concluding his legal opinion by saying that federal laws related to torture and other abuse did not apply to interrogations overseas, five days before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The legal opinions were withdrawn by Jack Goldsmith of the OLC in June 2004 but reaffirmed by the succeeding head of the OLC in December 2004. U.S. government officials at various times said they did not believe waterboarding to be a form of torture.In 2006, the Bush administration banned torture including waterboarding on detainees.  In January 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama issued a similar ban on the use of waterboarding and other forms of torture in interrogations of detainees. In April 2009, the U.S. Department of Defense refused to say whether waterboarding is still used for training (e.g. SERE) U.S. military personnel in resistance to interrogation."@en .corpus23.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heights_of_presidents_and_presidential_candidates_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A record of the heights of the Presidents of the United States and presidential candidates is useful for evaluating what role, if any, height plays in presidential elections.  Some observers have noted that the taller of the two major-party candidates tends to prevail, and argue this is due to the public's preference for taller candidates.The tallest U.S. Presidents were Abraham Lincoln and Lyndon B. Johnson at 6 ft 4 in (193 cm), while the shortest was James Madison at 5 ft 4 in (163 cm). The average height of a US president has been 5 ft 10.7 inches and 5 ft 11.6 inches since 1900. Barack Obama, the current President, is 6 ft 1 in (185 cm), and Joe Biden, the current Vice-President, is 6 ft 0 in (183 cm)."@en .corpus23.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Wofford> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harris Llewellyn Wofford (born April 9, 1926) is an American attorney and Democratic Party politician who represented Pennsylvania in the United States Senate from 1991 to 1995. A noted advocate of national service and volunteering, Wofford was also the fifth president of Bryn Mawr College from 1970 to 1978, served as Chairman of the Pennsylvania Democratic Party in 1986, as Pennsylvania Secretary of Labor and Industry in the cabinet of Governor Robert P. Casey from 1987 to 1991 and was a surrogate for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. He introduced Obama in Philadelphia at the National Constitution Center before Obama's speech on race in America, A More Perfect Union."@en .corpus23.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fellowship_(Christian_organization)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Fellowship, also known as The Family, and the International Foundation is a U.S.-based religious and political organization founded in 1935 by Abraham Vereide. The stated purpose of the Fellowship is to provide a fellowship forum for decision makers to share in Bible studies, prayer meetings, worship experiences and to experience spiritual affirmation and support.The organization has been described as one of the most politically well-connected ministries in the United States. The Fellowship shuns publicity and its members share a vow of secrecy. The Fellowship's leader Doug Coe and others have explained the organization's desire for secrecy by citing biblical admonitions against public displays of good works, insisting they would not be able to tackle diplomatically sensitive missions if they drew public attention.Although the organization is secretive, it holds one regular public event each year, the National Prayer Breakfast held in Washington, D.C. Every sitting United States president since President Dwight D. Eisenhower, including President Barack Obama, has participated in at least one National Prayer Breakfast during his term.The Fellowship's known participants include ranking United States government officials, corporate executives, heads of religious and humanitarian aid organizations, and ambassadors and high-ranking politicians from across the world. Many United States Senators and Congressmen who have publicly acknowledged working with the Fellowship or are documented as having worked together to pass or influence legislation.In Newsweek magazine, Lisa Miller wrote that rather than calling themselves \"Christians,\" as they describe themselves, they are brought together by common love for the teachings of Jesus and that all approaches to \"loving Jesus\" are acceptable. In contrast, Jewish writer Jeff Sharlet wrote a book, The Family: The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power, as well as an article in Harper's magazine, describing his experience while serving as an intern in the Fellowship.  He opined that the organization fetishizes power by comparing Jesus to \"Lenin, Ho Chi Minh, Bin Laden\" as examples of leaders who change the world through the strength of the covenants they had forged with their \"brothers\"."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Tierney> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Susan F. Tierney (born 1951) was expected to be named Deputy Secretary of Energy in the United States Department of Energy under President Barack Obama, until she withdrew her candidacy for the position in March 2009.   She co-led the DOE Agency Transition Team as part of the Obama/Biden Presidential Transition Project, and then assisted Energy Secretary Steven Chu during his first six weeks in his position.  During this period, she was on leave from her position as a managing principal and energy and economics consultant with the Analysis Group since 2003. From 1993 to 1995 she served as the Assistant Secretary of Energy for Policy in the Clinton administration.  Previously, she was appointed to roles in state government in Massachusetts by both Republican governor William Weld and Democratic governor Michael Dukakis.  Early in her career she was an Assistant Professor at the University of California, Irvine.Tierney has a Ph.D. and an M.A. in regional planning and public policy from Cornell University and a B.A. in art history from Scripps College.She is the sister of James Fallows, the noted journalist and author.In September 2009, Dr. Tierney was elected to the Board of Directors of World Resources Institute."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premio_Lo_Nuestro_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Premio Lo Nuestro 2009 was held on Thursday March 26, 2009 at the BankUnited Center at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida. It is broadcast live by Univision Network. The nominees were announced on Wednesday January 14, 2009 during a live televised morning show Despierta América! on Univision Network.The show featured a short speech in both English and Spanish by U.S. president Barack Obama, the first time since his 2008 election campaign in which he utilized the Spanish language for a mass audience."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_A._Winston> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Judith A. Winston is a lawyer and law professor, former General Counsel of the US Department of Education, and was one of the lead members of U.S. President-elect Barack Obama's Agency Review teams for the Departments of Education and Labor. She served as executive director to President Clinton's One America Initiative."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hamilton_(judge)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Frank Hamilton (born 1957) is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.  He was previously the chief judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana.  On March 17, 2009, he became President Barack Obama's first judicial nominee when he was named for a seat on the Seventh Circuit. He was confirmed by the Senate on November 19, 2009, in a 59-to-39 vote."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_African-American_United_States_presidential_and_vice_presidential_candidates> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a list of African-American United States presidential and vice-presidential nominees and candidates for nomination. Nominees are candidates nominated or otherwise selected by political parties for particular offices. Listed are those African Americans who achieved ballot access for the national election in at least one state. They may have won the nomination of one of the US political parties (either one of the major parties, or one of the third parties), or made the ballot as an Independent, and in either case must have votes in the election to qualify for this list. Exception is made for those few candidates whose parties lost ballot status for additional runs.Not included in the first two tables are African Americans who lost campaigns in nominating conventions or primary elections for their party's nomination (or who have not yet completed that process), write-in candidates, potential candidates (suggested by media, objects of draft movements, etc.), or fictional candidates.The third table includes African Americans who ran for their party's presidential nomination but who were not nominated, as well as those who are currently pursuing their party's presidential nomination (when applicable).Barack Obama became the first African-American candidate to be nominated by a major party, and the first to win, for either president or vice president when he became the Democratic Party presidential nominee in the 2008 election and was elected. He was re-elected in the 2012 election."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_One:_The_Obama_Inaugural_Celebration_at_the_Lincoln_Memorial> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "We Are One: The Obama Inaugural Celebration at the Lincoln Memorial was a public celebration of the then forthcoming inauguration of Barack Obama as the 44th President of the United States at the Lincoln Memorial and the National Mall in Washington, D.C., on January 18, 2009. By some estimates the attendance was over 400,000. The event was musically directed by Rob Mathes of the Kennedy Center Honors.  A backing band used by many of the artists was in the orchestra pit, and featured veteran session drummer Kenny Aronoff.The concert featured performances by (in alphabetical order) Mary J. Blige, Jon Bon Jovi, Garth Brooks, Sheryl Crow, Renée Fleming, Caleb Green, Josh Groban, Herbie Hancock, Heather Headley, Beyoncé Knowles, Bettye Lavette, John Legend, John Mellencamp, Jennifer Nettles, Pete Seeger, Shakira, Bruce Springsteen, James Taylor, U2, Usher, will.i.am and Stevie Wonder.  Several of the songs performed had been used by Obama's presidential campaign.The concert also featured readings of historical passages by Jack Black, Steve Carell, Rosario Dawson, Jamie Foxx, Tom Hanks, Samuel L. Jackson, Ashley Judd, Martin Luther King III, Queen Latifah, Laura Linney, George Lopez, Kal Penn, Marisa Tomei, Denzel Washington, Forest Whitaker and Tiger Woods."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Recovery_and_Reinvestment_Act_of_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA) (Pub.L. 111–5), commonly referred to as the Stimulus or The Recovery Act, was an economic stimulus package enacted by the 111th United States Congress in February 2009 and signed into law on February 17, 2009, by President Barack Obama.To respond to the Great Recession, the primary objective for ARRA was to save and create jobs almost immediately. Secondary objectives were to provide temporary relief programs for those most impacted by the recession and invest in infrastructure, education, health, and renewable energy. The approximate cost of the economic stimulus package was estimated to be $787 billion at the time of passage, later revised to $831 billion between 2009 and 2019. The Act included direct spending in infrastructure, education, health, and energy, federal tax incentives, and expansion of unemployment benefits and other social welfare provisions. It also created the President's Economic Recovery Advisory Board.The rationale for ARRA was from Keynesian macroeconomic theory, which argues that, during recessions, the government should offset the decrease in private spending with an increase in public spending in order to save jobs and stop further economic deterioration. Shortly after the law was passed, Nobel laureate Paul Krugman, while supportive of the law, criticized the law for being too weak because it did not \"even cover one third of the (spending) gap\"."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Zandi> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark Zandi is an American economist and co-founder of Moody's Economy.com, a widely cited source of economic analysis. Moody's Economy.com is part of Moody's Analytics.  Prior to founding Economy.com, Zandi was a regional economist at Chase Econometrics.He was born in Atlanta, Georgia of Iranian descent   and grew up in Radnor, Pennsylvania. Zandi received B.S. and Ph.D. degrees in economics from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. His surname of \"Zandi\" comes from the Zand dynasty (formally known as the Zandieh dynasty), which ruled southern and south-central Iran (1750–1794) in the eighteenth century.Zandi's analysis of the impact of an economic stimulus package on the United States economy was cited by Christina Romer and Jared Bernstein in their report on President Barack Obama's proposed American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan, which became the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.  Zandi has been criticized for assuming government spending multipliers that are too large."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Kang> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eugene Kang (born 1984) is the Special Projects Coordinator and Confidential Assistant to President Barack Obama.Eugene Kang is an Ann Arbor native who attended Greenhills School before enrolling at the University of Michigan.  At Michigan, Kang made a 2005 bid for the Ann Arbor City Council. He later worked on Senator Amy Klobuchar's (D-Minn.) 2006 campaign. During Obama's Presidential campaign he worked in the political division. A second-generation Korean American, he was also a part of the Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders National Leadership Council.Kang has been described as a \"close confidant to [President] Obama\" and has played eleven rounds of golf with the President from the time he took office through 2013."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Pfeiffer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Howard Daniel \"Dan\" Pfeiffer (born December 24, 1975, Wilmington, Delaware) is Assistant to the President of the United States and Senior Advisor to the President for Strategy and Communications. He was previously a member of Obama's presidential transition team,  and served in various press and communications roles throughout Barack Obama's 2008 campaign for the Presidency.  On Feb 4, 2015, the White House announced that Pfeiffer would resign his role at the White House within a few weeks."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Song> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"America's Song\" is a patriotic song written by will.i.am, David Foster and George Pajon, Jr, released as the fourth single from the political compilation album Change Is Now: Renewing America's Promise. The song is performed by will.i.am, Seal, Bono, Mary J. Blige, and Faith Hill, with David Foster appearing on piano. The song's live debut, at the Kennedy Center, was broadcast live on a special edition of The Oprah Winfrey Show aired on January 19, 2009, in honor of the next day's inauguration of Barack Obama as President of the United States."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen's_Briefing_Book> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Citizen's Briefing Book is a compilation book of recommendations made to President Barack Obama by visitors to the Change.gov website, given to the President after his January 20, 2009 inauguration. Internet users were able to post recommendations of changes they would like to see made in the United States, and they were also able to vote on other users' recommendations, as well as participate in a comment process.The Minnesota-based company called Reside helped develop the functionality, using technology from Salesforce.com. Co-chair of the Obama-Biden Transition Team, Valerie Jarrett, stated that the Citizen's Briefing Book was a way for the Obama transition process to remain open and transparent. Popular recommendations included ending the prohibition on marijuana use in the United States and the legalization of online poker. Citizen's Briefing Book received positive comments from writers for the Christian Science Monitor and Business Week, and criticism from writers for Chicago Tribune and Indianapolis Business Journal."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_and_Simple_Gifts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Air and Simple Gifts is a quartet composed and arranged by American composer John Williams for the January 20, 2009, inauguration of Barack Obama as President of the United States. The first public performance of the piece was in Washington, D.C., immediately prior to Obama taking the oath of office, when musicians Anthony McGill (clarinet), Itzhak Perlman (violin), Yo-Yo Ma (cello) and Gabriela Montero (piano) synced their performance to a tape they had recorded two days earlier.  It was the first classical quartet to be performed at a presidential inauguration. Obama officially became the President while the piece was being performed, at noon, as the United States Constitution stipulates.Although it appeared that the piece was being performed live, it was in fact mimed while a recording made two days previously was fed to the television pool and speakers. Yo-Yo Ma told NPR's All Things Considered that the piano keys had been decoupled from the hammers, and the bows of the stringed instruments had been soaped to silence them. The performers stated that the cold weather could have affected the tuning and durability of the instruments, making a live performance too risky.Williams based the piece on the familiar 19th century Shaker hymn \"Simple Gifts\" by Joseph Brackett. The source piece is famous for its appearance in Aaron Copland's ballet Appalachian Spring. Williams chose the selection from Copland, one of Obama's favorite classical composers.The piece is slightly under 4.5 minutes. It is structured in roughly three parts. The first section presents the \"Air\" material, consisting of a spare, descending modal melody introduced by violin, pensively explored in duet with cello and piano accompaniment. The entrance of the clarinet, playing the \"Simple Gifts\" theme, signals the beginning of a small set of variations on that melody. The \"Air\" melody at first intermingles with the \"Gifts\" theme, though it is supplanted by increasingly energetic variations. Midway through, the key shifts from A major to D major, in which the piece concludes. A short coda reprising the \"Air\" material follows the most vigorous of the \"Gifts\" variations. The piece concludes with an unusual series of cadences, ending with chord progression D-major followed by B-major, G-minor and finally D-major.Yo-Yo Ma played his Stradivarius cello called the Davidov Stradivarius, made in 1712 during Stradivari's \"golden period\". Itzhak Perlman played his Stradivarius violin called the Soil Stradivarius, made in 1714 during Stradivari's \"golden period\". Gabriela Montero played a Steinway concert grand piano, model D-274. Anthony McGill played a Buffet clarinet."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2005_Cadillac_DTS_Presidential_State_Car> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2005 Cadillac DTS Presidential State Car was the official state car used by President George W. Bush of the United States during his administration. Analogous to the President's use of an airplane designated Air Force One, the automobile—traditionally a limousine—is informally known as \"Cadillac One\". The limousine model was replaced on January 20, 2009, upon the inauguration of President Barack Obama, although both models are still in use."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_policy_of_the_Barack_Obama_administration> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The foreign policy of the Barack Obama administration has been the foreign policy of the United States since Obama's January 2009 inauguration as President of the United States. Obama named his chief rival for the nomination Hillary Rodham Clinton as Secretary of State during his first term, with Massachusetts Senator John Kerry taking over the post in January 2013. Supporters of Obama's foreign policy applaud what they describe as his cooperation with allies and multilateralism, his ending of the Iraq War,\" and the administration's attempts at destroying al-Qaeda's core leadership, particularly the killing of Osama bin Laden. Supporters are typified by liberals such as Hillary Clinton and John Kerry, as well as advisors Susan Rice and Samantha Power.The Obama administration's foreign policy has received criticism  across the political spectrum. \"Hawkish\" conservatives such as Obama's 2008 Republican challenger John McCain and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham have accused the President of being timid and ineffectual in wielding American influence, while more \"dovish\" liberals such as Jimmy Carter and Dennis Kucinich have accused him of cynicism and heavy-handedness. In particular, many critics charge that he has pursued similarly imperialistic policies to those of his predecessor, George W. Bush, of whom Obama was deeply critical during his tenure in the Senate and his 2008 presidential campaign.Substantial geopolitical developments that have occurred during Obama's presidency include: the aftermath of the world-wide \"Great Recession\" of 2008 and the ensuing Eurozone crisis; the P5+1 dialogue with Iran; the widespread Arab Spring protests that toppled numerous governments in the Middle East and precipitated civil wars in Libya and Syria; the opening of new fronts in the \"War on Terror\" such as Mali and Yemen, and the growing and controversial role of drone aircraft in the conflict; attempts to negotiate free trade agreements in the Trans-Pacific and Transatlantic areas; the mass unauthorized publication of classified documents by WikiLeaks, as well as Edward Snowden's revelations of extensive government surveillance,the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the return of US Forces to Iraq.Secretary of State John Kerry told the Organization of American States in November 2013 that the Monroe Doctrine was dead."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_speech_to_joint_session_of_Congress,_February_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "United States President Barack Obama delivered a speech to a joint session of the 111th United States Congress on Tuesday, February 24, 2009. It was not an official State of the Union address. Obama's first State of the Union Address was the 2010 State of the Union Address. The speech was delivered on the floor of the chamber of the United States House of Representatives in the United States Capitol. Presiding over this joint session was the House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi. Accompanying the Speaker of the House was the President of the United States Senate, Joe Biden, the Vice President of the United States.President Obama discussed the recently passed $787 billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 as well as the Troubled Assets Relief Program, the state of the economy, and the future of the country.Attorney General Eric Holder was the designated survivor and did not attend the address in order to maintain a continuity of government. He was sequestered at a secret secure location for the duration of the event."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Tunnel_of_Doom> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Purple Tunnel of Doom was the name ascribed to the I-395 Third Street tunnel in downtown Washington, D.C., where thousands of holders of purple tickets lined up to witness the first inauguration of Barack Obama on January 20, 2009. Many were not admitted, despite having stood in line for hours."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitations_to_the_first_inauguration_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "One million invitations to Barack Obama's inauguration were sent out in the first week of January 2009. Printed between December 11, 2008, and January 2, 2009, the invitations invited people to celebrate Barack Obama's inauguration as the forty-fourth President of the United States. The invitations have kept the same basic design of a gold seal and black script since the 1949 inauguration of Harry S. Truman, but this invitation was produced in a green manner, using recycled paper, by companies certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_100_days_of_Barack_Obama's_presidency> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The first 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency began with his inauguration on January 20, 2009 as the 44th President of the United States. The first 100 days of a presidential term took on symbolic significance during Franklin D. Roosevelt's administration, and the period is considered a benchmark to measure the early success of a president. Obama's 100th day in office was April 29, 2009.Obama began to formally create his presidential footprint during his first 100 days. Obama quickly began attempting to foster support for his economic stimulus package, American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.  The bill passed in the House on January 28, 2009 by a 244–188 vote, and it passed in the Senate on February 10 by a 61–37 margin. Obama stated that he should not be judged by his first hundred days: \"The first hundred days is going to be important, but it’s probably going to be the first thousand days that makes the difference.\"Obama's accomplishments after the first 100 days include passage of the $787 billion economic stimulus plan; signing into law the expanded State Children's Health Insurance Program (S-CHIP), that the White House says provides benefits to 4 million additional working families; signing the Ledbetter law requiring equal pay for women; winning approval of a congressional budget resolution that put Congress on record as dedicated to dealing with major health care reform legislation in 2009; implementing new ethics guidelines designed to significantly curtail the influence of lobbyists on the executive branch; breaking from the Bush administration on a number of policy fronts, except for Iraq, in which he followed through on Bush's Iraq withdrawal of U.S. troops; supporting the UN declaration on sexual orientation and gender identity; relaxing enforcement of marijuana laws; and lifting the 7½-year ban on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research. He also ordered the closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, in Cuba, though it's still open, as well as lifted some travel and money restrictions to the island.At the end of the first 100 days 65% of Americans approved of how Obama was doing and 29% disapproved. According to Gallup's First quarter survey in April, President Obama received a 63% approval rating. Gallup began tracking presidential approval ratings of the first quarters since Eisenhower in 1953. President Kennedy received the highest in April 1961 with a 74% rating. Obama's 63% is the fourth highest and the highest since President Carter with a 69%. President Reagan's first quarter had 60% approval in 1981, President George.H.W. Bush with 57% in 1989, President Clinton with 55% in 1993, and President George W. Bush with 58% in 2001."@en .corpus230.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praise_Song_for_the_Day> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Praise Song for the Day\" is an occasional poem written by the American poet Elizabeth Alexander and delivered at the 2009 presidential inauguration of President Barack Obama. The poem is the fourth to be delivered at a United States presidential inauguration, following in the tradition of recitals by Robert Frost (John F. Kennedy, 1961), Maya Angelou (Bill Clinton, 1993), and Miller Williams (Bill Clinton, 1997).It consists of fourteen unrhymed three-line stanzas (tercets) and a one-line coda.  Delivered directly after Obama's inaugural address, it received a lukewarm response and was criticized as \"too prosaic.\" Graywolf Press published the poem in paperback 6 February 2009, with a first printing of 100,000 copies.One critic called the poem \"public in the worst sense--inauthentic, bureaucratic, rhetorical.\""@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Geithner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Timothy Franz Geithner (/ˈɡaɪtnər/; born August 18, 1961) is an American economic policy maker and central banker who served as the 75th United States Secretary of the Treasury, under President Barack Obama, from 2009 to 2013.  He was previously the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from 2003 to 2009. He now serves as president of Warburg Pincus, a Wall Street private equity firm.Geithner's position included a large role in directing the Federal Government's spending on the crisis, including allocation of $350 billion of funds from the Troubled Asset Relief Program enacted during the previous administration. At the end of his first year in office, he continued to deal with multiple high visibility issues, including administration efforts to restructure the regulation of the nation's financial system, attempts to spur recovery of both the mortgage market and the automobile industry, demands for protectionism, President Obama's tax changes, and negotiations with foreign governments on approaches to worldwide financial issues."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Senate_elections_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama won three Illinois Senate elections. The Illinois Senate career of Barack Obama began in 1997 after his first election in 1996 to a two-year term in the Illinois Senate representing Illinois' 13th Legislative District in Chicago. He was re-elected in 1998 to a four-year term and re-elected again in 2002 to another four-year term. He resigned from the Illinois Senate in 2004 following his election to the U.S. Senate. He resigned from the U.S. Senate following his election in 2008 to become the 44th President of the United States in 2009."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York's_20th_congressional_district_special_election,_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2009 special election for the 20th congressional district of New York was held on March 31, 2009, to fill the vacancy created in January 2009 when the district's representative, Congresswoman Kirsten Gillibrand, was appointed US senator from New York, replacing Hillary Clinton, who had been appointed Secretary of State in the Obama administration. The two major-party candidates were Democrat Scott Murphy, a private businessman, and Republican Jim Tedisco, the minority leader of the New York State Assembly. A third-party candidate, Libertarian Eric Sundwall, was initially included in the race, but later removed from the ballot.The 20th district has historically been conservative, and early polls favored Tedisco, but by February 2009 the race was considered a toss-up. The Republican Party considered the election to be a referendum on President Obama's economic policy and as such, injected significant funding into Tedisco's campaign, using well-known Republicans such as former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Congressional Minority Leader John Boehner, and former New York Governor George Pataki for support. Democrats used Senator Gillibrand, Vice President Joe Biden, and an endorsement from President Barack Obama to support the Murphy campaign.Major issues brought up during the campaign were the candidates' positions on President Obama's stimulus plan, which Tedisco did not take a stance on until late in the race. Murphy supported it while Tedisco eventually opposed it. Tedisco portrayed Murphy's support of the plan as a potential cause of the AIG bonus scandal. Tedisco's campaign also brought up Murphy's failure to pay taxes on a company he founded in the 1990s. A frequent Murphy talking point was that Tedisco's primary residence was not in the Congressional district.The race was so close that one early vote count had the candidates tied at 77,225 votes each. Absentee ballots decided the election; ballots were accepted until April 13. While Tedisco had been ahead in early counts, by April 10 Murphy was leading, and by April 23 Murphy had a 401-vote advantage. Tedisco conceded the race the following day, and Murphy was sworn in on April 29. Democratic electoral successes in November 2008 and Murphy's clear support of the stimulus package were credited for his success."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organizing_for_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Organizing for America was a community organizing project of the Democratic National Committee. Initially founded after the presidential inauguration of Barack Obama, the group sought to mobilize supporters in favor of Obama's legislative priorities, particularly health care reform. Eventually, the organization played a role in the midterm elections of 2010. Later, it became the grassroots arm of Obama for America. After Obama's second inauguration, it was reorganized as Organizing for Action and returned to its previous mission of organizing around the President's agenda."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_J._Wolff> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Otto J. Wolff served as Acting United States Secretary of Commerce in the administration of President Barack Obama.  Wolff previously served under President George W. Bush as the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Commerce, overseeing its 5.6 billion USD budget."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord,_Maine> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Concord, Maine is a township in Somerset County, Maine, United States. Concord, along with the township of Lexington, is located in the unorganized territory, Central Somerset. The population of Central Somerset was 336 as of the 2000 census. Concord was the only municipality in the United States to cast a majority of its votes for Ron Paul in the 2012 Presidential Election. Paul did not appear on the ballot, but took enough write-in votes in Concord to finish ahead of all listed candidates, including Barack Obama and Mitt Romney."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_federal_judges_appointed_by_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Following is a list of all United States federal judges appointed by President Barack Obama during his presidency.As of February 4, 2015, the total number of Obama Article III judgeship nominees to be confirmed by the United States Senate is 307, including two justices to the Supreme Court of the United States, 53 judges to the United States Courts of Appeals, 250 judges to the United States district courts, and two judges to the United States Court of International Trade. The number of nominations currently awaiting Senate action is 14. There are currently 7 vacancies on the United States Courts of Appeals, 35 vacancies on the United States district courts, 3 vacancies on the United States Court of International Trade and 30 announced federal judicial vacancies that will occur before the end of Obama's second term. Obama has not made any recess appointments to the federal courts.In terms of Article I courts, Obama has made eight appointments to the United States Tax Court, three appointments and five pending nominations to the United States Court of Federal Claims and one appointment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. He has also elevated two chief judges of the Court of Federal Claims.Of the Article IV territorial courts, he appointed Ramona Villagomez Manglona to the District Court for the Northern Mariana Islands and Wilma Lewis to the District Court of the Virgin Islands, who he later elevated to chief judge."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hottinger> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Hottinger is a Minnesota attorney and politician and a former member and majority leader of the Minnesota Senate. First elected in 1990, he was re-elected in 1992, 1996, 2000 and 2002. A Democrat, he represented the old District 24 prior to the 2002 redistricting, and the current District 23 thereafter. The district included portions of Blue Earth, Le Sueur, Nicollet, Sibley and Waseca counties in the south central part of the state.Hottinger served as a majority whip from 1993 to 2000, and as an assistant majority leader during the 2001–2002 biennium. He was chosen majority leader in 2003 after Senator Roger Moe retired to run for governor. After a difficult year, in which the DFL Party majority was seen to have been outmaneuvered by Republican  Governor Tim Pawlenty, Hottinger stepped down, turning power over to Senator Dean Johnson.  In January 2004, he was selected the national legislator of the month by the Center for Policy Alternatives one month after Illinois legislator Barack Obama won the honor Hottinger has been quoted as saying the two of them have since taken “divergent” paths.  The CPA praised Hottinger “…for disowning budget cuts and yet giving the GOP enough votes on the budget bills so that government would not be shut down, which would have imposed further pain on vulnerable Minnesotans and state employees.” The CPA added that he had \"strengthened the progressive community for battles in 2004 and beyond.\"During his time in the Senate, Hottinger chaired the following committees:  Health and Family Security, Rules, and Early Childhood Policy and Finance division of the Finance Committee.  He also chaired the Legislative Committee to Review Administrative Rules and Senate Subcommittees on Insurance, Consumer Protection, Rulemaking, and Higher Education, Senate Budget, Personnel, Ethical Conduct, Permanent and Joint Rules, Intergovernmental Relations and Property Taxes.Hottinger was active in the [Council of State Governments] (CSG) and chaired the [Midwestern Legislative Conference] in 2001.  He became the national chair of CSG in 2004 in leadership partnership with Governor [Frank Murkowski] of Alaska who served as CSG President.  He was the first Minnesota legislator or Governor to serve as the national leader of the organization other than Governor Harold Stassen who was National President in 1941-42.Hottinger chose not to run for re-election in 2006. In 2007, he faced disciplinary action for misusing funds from a settlement that he had won for a client in his work as an attorney.In 2007, he faced disciplinary action for misusing funds from a settlement that he had won for a client in his work as an attorney.[3] He was suspended for a minimum of 18 months, petitioned to lift the suspension on June 17, 2010 and the Minnesota Supreme Court returned him to practice on January 12, 2011 finding him “prepared and morally qualified” to practice law. The Supreme Court decision  followed a hearing before the Minnesota Board of Lawyer's Professional Responsibility Board on November 18. 2010 and it’s unanimous decision to recommend reinstatement.  There were no witnesses in opposition to the reinstatement and Hottinger’s eleven character witness included local attorneys and colleagues from the political world including DFL Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak, former DFL Senate Majority Leader Roger Moe, former Republican U.S. Senator David Durenberger and former Republican Party Chair Charles “Chuck” Slocum.After leaving the Senate, Hottinger worked for about four years as the chief consultant for some non-profit organizations funded by Minnesota-Washington philanthropist Ned Crosby:  the Jefferson Center for New Democratic Process and Promoting Health Democracy in Minnesota and, on a limited basis, Health Democracy Oregon in Portland, Oregon.  That work focused on Crosby’s Citizen Jury process for promoting citizen engagement through deliberative democracy.  Hottinger was the Project Director for the Citizen Jury on Election Recounts concentrating on the process used in Minnesota in the recount of the U.S. Senate race between Al Franken and Norm Coleman in 2009. Hottinger was also a leader as the initial Vice President for Legal and Government Affairs for “The Minnesota World’s Fair”, the organization which launched the effort to bring the World’s Fair to Minnesota in 2022 or 2023.Hottinger has been active in non-profits including serving on the Executive Committee and as Chair of the Northstar (Minnesota) Chapter of the Sierra Club, a member of the Board and Executive Committee of the Northeast Midwest Institute in Washington, D.C. and as a member of the Board of the Somali Justice Center in Minneapolis.  Hottinger currently lives and practices law and consulting on government, non-profits and the environment with Hottinger Consulting LLC in St. Paul, Minnesota."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_the_presidency_of_Barack_Obama_(2009)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a timeline of the Presidency of Barack Obama from his inauguration as president of the United States on January 20, 2009 to December 31, 2009. For his time as President-elect, see the Presidential transition of Barack Obama; for a detailed account of his first months in office, see First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency; for a complete itinerary of his travels, see List of presidential trips made by Barack Obama."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_African-American_United_States_Senators> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Senate has had nine African-American elected or appointed office holders. The United States Senate is the upper house of the bicameral United States Congress, which is the legislative branch of the federal government of the United States. No African American served in the elective office before the ratification in 1870 of the Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.  The Fifteenth Amendment prohibits the federal government and state governments from denying any citizen the right to vote because of that citizen's race, color, or previous condition of servitude. Of the nine senators, five were popularly elected (including one that previously had been appointed by his state's governor), two were elected by the state legislature prior to the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1913 (which provides for the direct election of U.S. Senators by the people of each state), and two were appointed by a state Governor.  The 113th United States Congress (2013–15) marked the first time that two African Americans have served concurrently in the Senate.The first two African-American senators represented the state of Mississippi during the Reconstruction Era, following the American Civil War.  Hiram Rhodes Revels, the first African American to serve, was elected by the Mississippi state legislature to succeed Albert G. Brown, who resigned during the Civil War. Some members of the United States Senate opposed his being seated based on the Dred Scott Decision by the Supreme Court of the United States, claiming that Revels did not meet the citizenship requirement, but the majority of Senators voted to seat him. The Mississippi state legislature elected Blanche Bruce in 1875, but Republicans lost power of the Mississippi state legislature in 1876. Bruce was not elected to a second term in 1881. In 1890 the Democratic-dominated state legislature passed a new constitution disfranchising most black voters. Every other Southern state also passed disfranchising constitutions by 1908, excluding African Americans from the political system in the entire former Confederacy. This situation persisted into the 1960s until after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The next African-American United States Senator, Edward Brooke of Massachusetts, took office in 1967.  He was the first African American to be elected by popular vote after the ratification in 1913 of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, rather than to be elected by a state legislature.  The Seventeenth Amendment established direct election of United States Senators by popular vote.  Carol Moseley Braun and Barack Obama were both elected by the voters of Illinois, entering the Senate in 1993 and 2004, respectively. Carol Moseley Braun is the first (and, to date, only) African-American woman to be elected - or appointed - to the Senate after the ratification in 1920 of the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.  The Nineteenth Amendment prohibits any United States citizen from being denied the right to vote on the basis of sex.  While serving in the Senate, Obama became the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States.  Roland Burris, also an African American, was appointed to fill the remainder of the Senate term of President-elect Obama.The next two African-American Senators, Tim Scott of South Carolina and Mo Cowan of Massachusetts, were both appointed by governors to fill the terms of Jim DeMint and John Kerry, respectively, who had resigned their positions.  On October 16, 2013, citizens of New Jersey elected Cory Booker in a special election to fill the seat of the late Senator Frank R. Lautenberg. Sworn into office on October 31, 2013, he is the first African-American Senator to be elected since Barack Obama in 2004 and the first to represent the state of New Jersey. Senator Tim Scott, an appointee, retained his seat in a general election as Senator of South Carolina in the 2014 elections. As of 2014, there have been 1,950 members of the United States Senate, but only nine have been African American. While 58 nationwide organizations exist to elect women to the United States Congress, including EMILY's List and the Susan B. Anthony List, no organization has been formed to elect African Americans to the United States Congress.  The profile of African-American candidates has arguably grown as a result of recent nationally-televised elections in the United States."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_president_in_popular_culture_(United_States)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Before the election of Barack Obama as President of the United States in 2008, the idea of a black President of the United States was explored by various writers in novels (including science fiction), movies and television. Numerous actors, comedians and celebrities portrayed a black president. Comedic parodies of a black president have been popular, used to explore the culture gap, and what U.S. life would be like under a black president and to a lesser extent, for a black president."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Souza> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Pete Souza (born 1954) is an American photojournalist and the current Chief Official White House photographer for President Barack Obama and Director of the White House Photography Office. He was the Official White House Photographer during President Ronald Reagan's second term, 1983–1989.  He was a photographer with Chicago Tribune (Washington bureau), 1998–2007; during this period he also followed the rise of Senator Obama to the Presidency."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Shields_Robinson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Marian Lois Robinson (née Shields; July 30, 1937) is the mother of Michelle Robinson and the mother-in-law of President Barack Obama.  She is the only living grandparent of Malia and Sasha Obama."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_raiding> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Not to be confused with panty raiding.Party raiding describes a tactic in American politics where members of one party vote in another party's primary election in an effort to either nominate a weaker candidate or prolong divided support between two or more contenders for that party's nomination (especially for president).Party raiding can only occur in jurisdictions which allow open primary voting.  As examples, Texas permits open primary voting (though a voter cannot vote in both primaries), while neighboring Oklahoma operates under a closed primary system (although a state party may open its primary to independent voters at the sole discretion of the party chairman).A notable example of attempted party raiding was Operation Chaos in the Democratic primary in 2008 when Rush Limbaugh encouraged Republicans to vote for Hillary Clinton in an effort to weaken Barack Obama politically.  Another occurred in the 2012 Republican primaries, where many Democratic voters in Michigan voted for weaker GOP candidate Rick Santorum over front-runner Mitt Romney in order to disrupt his campaign."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/African-American_candidates_for_President_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For minor as well as major parties, see List of African-American United States presidential and vice presidential candidatesMajor party African American candidates for President of the United States did not run in primaries until nearly the third quarter of the 20th century, after the passage of the Civil Rights Act (1964) and Voting Rights Act (1965) opened up political participation to blacks in the South. In addition, party changes to give more weight to candidates' performance in primaries, rather than to party leaders' negotiation in secret, opened up the fields.  In 2008, Senator Barack Obama was elected the 44th president of the United States, the first African American to win the office. This article is only about major party candidates who completed full campaigns.  Third party candidates and those of major parties who dropped out of the primary process early, can be found at List of African American United States presidential and vice presidential candidates."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/African-American_heritage_of_United_States_presidents> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The African-American heritage of United States presidents is a topic on one President with African-American heritage and is a topic relating primarily to six other Presidents who both identified as white and were commonly considered part of European-American society.President Barack Obama had a Kenyan father and an American mother of various European ancestry.The academic consensus of historians does not accept the claims that any other President had any recent African ancestry, and rejects most of those claims."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon_Phillips> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Macon Phillips (born June 29, 1978) is the Coordinator of the United States Department of State Bureau of International Information Programs. He reports to Rick Stengel, the Undersecretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs. Phillips is the former White House Director of New Media, in which capacity he had oversight responsibility for WhiteHouse.gov.  Phillips' work on WhiteHouse.gov were closely coordinated with internet operations at the Democratic National Committee, which has responsibility for administration of the BarackObama.com domain and website.  At precisely 12:00 p.m.ET during the Inauguration of Barack Obama, Phillips oversaw the conversion of Whitehouse.gov, the official website of the President of the United States. At 12:01 p.m., he posted the site's first blog entry, titled: Change has come to WhiteHouse.gov."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_in_comics> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama has appeared as a character in comic books published by a number of publishing companies."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protests_against_the_Sri_Lankan_Civil_War_in_Canada> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The protests against the Sri Lankan Civil War in Canada, often referred to as the Tamil protests by the media, consisted of a series of demonstrations which took place in major Canadian cities with a significant Tamil diaspora population during the year 2009 protesting the alleged genocide of Sri Lankan Tamil people in the Northern Province of the island nation Sri Lanka. It was part of a global outcry by the Tamil diaspora to end the Sri Lankan Civil War, investigate acts of war crimes by the Government of Sri Lanka, and restore civil rights for Tamils in Sri Lanka. The aim was also to create awareness and appeal to leaders, notably the Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper, the President of the United States, Barack Obama and the Consulate General of Sri Lanka in Canada, Bandula Jayasekara, to take action in ending the conflict. Several Tamil Canadian citizens and business-owners from different parts of Canada and the United States took part in major protests set up in Toronto and Ottawa, while smaller scale demonstrations took place in Montreal, Vancouver and Calgary.The first notable demonstration took place on 28 January 2009 in front of the Consulate of Sri Lanka in Toronto involving a few hundred people. The following day, several thousands gathered in front of the Consulate of the United States in Toronto to appeal to the Government of the United States to take action on ending the civil war. A 5-kilometre (3.1-mile) human chain of several thousands of citizens took place the next day along major streets in Downtown Toronto. There after, demonstrations began to escalate in size and occurred on Parliament Hill in Ottawa for sometime, until returning to continue in Toronto. Other tactics by protesters included, sit-ins, hunger strikes, Internet activism and occupation of major streets"@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Jacobs_Stanton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Katie Jacobs Stanton is the VP of Global Media at Twitter. She has worked at Twitter since July 2010.She is currently positioned in San Francisco, California, where she lives with her husband and three children.In January 2010 she was appointed the Special Adviser to the Office of Innovation at the U.S. State Department, where she made extensive use of Twitter. Previously, Barack Obama appointed her to the newly created Director of Citizen Participation position. Stanton is a veteran of Google, where her work has included Google Moderator, Google Finance, and the Open Social initiative. Previously, she was a producer for Yahoo! Finance.She is a 1991 graduate of Rhodes College and received her master's degree in 1995 from Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA). She graduated from Hendrick Hudson High School of Montrose, New York, in 1987."@en .corpus231.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Lippold> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Commander Kurt Lippold was the captain of the USS Cole when it was bombed in Yemen in late 1999.An official United States Navy inquiry into the attack learned that the vessel's Command Center was unstaffed at the time of the attack, and that Lippold had not issued any standing orders of what to do in case of an attack.Lippold was not officially reprimanded however.Notably Lippold was quoted criticizing United States President Barack Obama's plans to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, in Cuba:Lippold was supporting a recent ruling by Colonel James L. Pohl the Presiding Officer of Abd el-Rahim al-Nashiri's Guantanamo military commission.  Although President Obama had issued an Executive Order staying all the Guantanamo commissions for 120 days, to allow his administration time to re-assess them, Pohl's had ruled that he could ignore the President's order.Lippold called Pohl's order:According to Carol Rosenberg, reporting for the McClatchy News Service, Lippold was also critical of the suggestion that Susan J. Crawford, the official in charge of the Office of Military Commissions, could withdraw the charges to bring her office into compliance with the President's order.Al Nashiri is alleged to be an al Qaida leader who played a role in planning the attack on the USS Cole.He is one of the former ghost prisoners secretly held and interrogated in the CIA's black sites, where the CIA has acknowledged they subjected him to waterboarding."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Hager> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Elizabeth S. Hager is a former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives.Hager served on the Concord City Council for nine years and was mayor in 1988-1989.  She was first elected to the state House in 1972.  She was reelected twelve times, until losing reelection in 2008.Hager had been mentioned as a possible appointment to the United States Senate, after Judd Gregg was nominated United States Secretary of Commerce.Hager is a moderate Republican, who endorsed Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election due to his pro-choice stance.  During her career, Hager has sponsored legislation protecting abortion rights.Hager serves as the executive director of United Way of Merrimack County."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Villaraigosa> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Antonio Ramón Villaraigosa (/ˌviː.əraɪˈɡoʊsə/; born Antonio Ramón Villar, Jr.; January 23, 1953) is an American politician who served as the 41st Mayor of Los Angeles, California from 2005 to 2013. Prior to being elected Mayor he was a member of the California State Assembly from 1994 to 2000, the Democratic leader of the Assembly from 1996 to 1998, and the Speaker of the California State Assembly from 1998 to 2000. After leaving the State Assembly due to term limits he was elected to the Los Angeles City Council from 2003 until he was elected Mayor in 2005.Villaraigosa is a member of the Democratic Party, national co-chairman of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, a member of President Barack Obama's Transition Economic Advisory Board, and Chairman of the 2012 Democratic National Convention in September 2012.He ran for Mayor in 2001 against Los Angeles City Attorney James Hahn, but lost in the second round of voting. He ran again in 2005 in a rematch against Hahn and won. During his tenure as Mayor, he gained national attention for his work and was featured in Time's story on the country's 25 most influential Latinos. However, in June 2009, Villaraigosa made the cover of Los Angeles Magazine, titled \"Failure,\" with an accompanying article written by Ed Leibowitz, which claimed that Villaraigosa often confused campaigning with governance, wasted 22 weeks in his first term trying to take over the school board, and did little to help education in the City of Los Angeles. He was the third Mexican American to have served as Mayor of Los Angeles, and the first in over 130 years. He was term limited and could not run for re-election in 2013. Villaraigosa has since expressed interest in running for the U.S. Senate in the 2016 Senate election following Barbara Boxer's announced intent to retire at the end of her term."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisse_B._Walter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Elisse B. Walter (born April 14, 1950 in New York City) was the 30th Chairperson of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from December 14, 2012-April 10, 2013.  She was appointed Chairwoman by President Barack Obama on November 26, 2012, and sworn in on December 14, 2012.  She was originally appointed as one of five SEC Commissioners by President George W. Bush and sworn in on July 9, 2008.  Under designation by President Obama, she later served as Acting Chairwoman during January 2009.On January 24, 2013, President Obama nominated Mary Jo White to be Walter's successor as Chairwoman. White was confirmed by the Senate on April 8, 2013, and was sworn into office on April 10, 2013."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_a_Crush..._on_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"I Got a Crush... on Obama\" is an Internet viral video, first posted on YouTube in June 2007 featuring a young woman seductively singing of her love for then-U.S. Senator (later President) Barack Obama."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defining_Moment> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Defining Moment: FDR's Hundred Days and the Triumph of Hope is a political history book by Jonathan Alter about the first 100 days of Franklin D. Roosevelt's presidency. The book also focuses on how Roosevelt's childhood, personal life, diagnosis of polio, and early political life prepared him for those early days in which he established the New Deal to fight the Great Depression.In The Defining Moment, Alter presents Roosevelt and his presidency as the perfect mold of man and moment. Alter argues Roosevelt's willingness to experiment and try new ideas, along with his willingness to abandon ideas that fail and try something else, proved to be a tremendous asset; in Alter's words, Roosevelt \"threw a lot of things against the wall to see what stuck.\" Alter also said Roosevelt's inspirational leadership led to psychological victories which helped the country recover from an economic crisis. The book also highlighted the fact that prior to Roosevelt's election, some feared capitalism and democracy were in danger, while suggestions were raised by some about the need for fascism, socialism or communism.During an interview with 60 Minutes on November 14, 2008, then-President-elect Barack Obama said he had recently been reading The Defining Moment and hoped to apply some of Roosevelt's strategies that were outlined in the book into his own administration. Some reviewers have said Alter's book brings to mind similarities between Obama and Roosevelt's rise to the presidency, in that both men overcame difficulties, both exuded tremendous confidence, both embodied a message of hope and both came to office during difficult economic times."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election,_2016> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States presidential election of 2016 will be the 58th quadrennial U.S. presidential election and is scheduled for Tuesday, November 8, 2016. Voters in the election will select presidential electors, who in turn will elect the President and the Vice President of the United States. The incumbent president, Barack Obama, is ineligible to be elected to a third term due to term limits in the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Tussauds_London> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Madame Tussauds London is a museum and tourist attraction located in Central London, housed in the former London Planetarium. It is known for recreating life size wax models of celebrities. The attraction houses its famous Chamber of Horrors. Set up by wax sculptor Marie Tussaud on Marylebone Road in 1884 it is the first Madame Tussauds. As of November 2013 the official website listed the following wax models:BollywoodAishwarya Rai Bachchan,Amitabh Bachchan,Hrithik Roshan,Madhuri Dixit,Salman Khan,Shahrukh Khan,kareena kapoor khanCultureMadame Tussaud,Pablo Picasso,Charles Dickens,Albert EinsteinHollywood StarsBruce Willis,Charlie Chaplin,Colin Firth,Helen Mirren,Benedict CumberbatchDaniel Craig,George Clooney,Johnny Depp,Judi Dench,Kate Winslet,Leonardo DiCaprio,Nicole Kidman,Robert Pattinson,Russell Brand,Taylor Lautner,Brad Pitt,Angelina JolieMarvel Super HeroesCaptain America,Hawkeye,Iron Man,Nick Fury,Spider-Man,The Hulk,WolverineMusicAdele,Amy Winehouse,Beyoncé,Britney Spears,Cheryl Cole,Christina Aguilera Jennifer Lopez,Justin Bieber,Justin Timberlake,Kylie Minogue,Lady Gaga,Madonna,Michael Jackson,One Direction,Rihanna,The Beatles,RoyalsQueen Elizabeth II,Duchess of Cambridge,Duke of Cambridge,Prince Charles,Duchess of Cornwall,Prince Harry,Diana, Princess of WalesSportCristiano Ronaldo,David Beckham,Jessica Ennis-Hill,Muhammad Ali,Rafael Nadal,Sachin Tendulkar,Tom Daley,Usain Bolt,Mo Farah,World LeadersAngela Merkel,Barack Obama,Benazir Bhutto,Boris Johnson,David Cameron,Francois Hollande,Mahatma Gandhi,John F. Kennedy,Martin Luther King,Nelson Mandela,Vladimir Putin,Saddam Hussein"@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_DuBois> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joshua DuBois (born in 1982) is the former head of the Office of Faith Based and Neighborhood Partnerships in the Executive Office of the President of the United States under President Barack Obama. In February 2013 he stepped down to write a book of devotionals based on the ones he sends Obama, start a consulting firm, and become the weekly religion columnist for Newsweek and The Daily Beast."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanobama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nanobama is the name of microminiature portraits of United States President Barack Obama.To celebrate the election of Obama and to draw attention to the growing capabilities of nanotechnology, Professor John Hart of University of Michigan's Mechanical Engineering department created the world's smallest presidential portrait, measuring 500 μm across (about the size of a period in the average printed text).The portrait is composed of some 150 million carbon nanotubes.  Hart actually created the portraits before the election's outcome was known, and he let the secret out to the world in early November 2008.There are several Nanobamas extant, but they all reside on a silicon wafer in the professor's office."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Corrigan_(lawyer)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jack Corrigan (born 1956) was born in Somerville, Massachusetts on September 29, 1956. He graduated from Boston College High School, Harvard University, and Harvard Law School. He is currently a Boston lawyer, a teacher at Harvard Law, and a Democratic Operative. Corrigan served as Convention manager of the 2004 Democratic National Convention and is credited with giving US President Barack Obama the national stage from which he achieved national prominence. Corrigan also was a senior member of Michael Dukakis's 1988 Presidential Campaign and head lawyer of Palm Beach County for the Gore Campaign during the 2000 Presidential Election Florida Recount before being put in charge of the state of Florida for the final 24 hours of the recount."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldeka> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Worldeka is a collaborative website designed to change the world. It is aimed at helping charities, NGO's, activists and policy members  to connect, share resources, communicate with their members and create cross organizational partnerships.The website went live at 5.00 GMT on 01/20/09, the moment Barack Obama became the 44th President of the United States of America.The website has been down, throwing an Phusion Passenger (Ruby on Rails deployment) application error, since 2.00 GMT on 07/11/13 - this date may be considerably longer."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eboo_Patel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eboo Patel is a member of President Barack Obama's inaugural Advisory Council on Faith-Based Neighborhood Partnerships. He is an American Ismaili Muslim of Gujarati Indian heritage and founder and president of the Interfaith Youth Core[1], a Chicago-based international nonprofit that aims to promote interfaith cooperation."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Maria_Wagner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gerhard Maria Wagner — born 1954 July 17, Wartberg ob der Aist, Austria—was appointed auxiliary bishop of Linz, Austria, by Pope Benedict XVI on 2009 January 31.  Amidst controversy over his views that sin caused Hurricane Katrina, Wagner resigned on 2009 February 15.Wagner had already become widely known in the world press for his 2005 comment attributing Hurricane Katrina to God's ire toward the sins of New Orleans.  James Gill, columnist for the New Orleans Times-Picayune, satirically called for the Pope next to elevate Wagner as Archbishop of New Orleans after protests from Roman Catholics in three New Orleans congregations over the merging of their churches by aging Archbishop Alfred Clifton Hughes.  The churches had been depopulated in part by out-migration resulting from Hurricane Katrina.  Indeed, two months after Gill's writing, Hughes was engaged in encouraging the University of Notre Dame to disembark from plans to host President Barack Obama, a supporter of abortion rights, as commencement speaker, and within days of Hughes' announcement of opposition to Obama's appearance the Times-Picayune published a letter to the editor urging that Hughes should instead have complained to the Pope about the short-lived appointment of Wagner to be auxiliary bishop of Linz.Wagner's appointment as auxiliary bishop was met with controversy among Austrian Roman Catholics, with Linz Diocese Bishop Ludwig Schwarz supportive, an informal group of priests led by Upper Austria church dean Franz Wild opposed, and Graz-Seckau Diocese Bishop Egon Kapellari optimistic that the \"crisis\" would be overcome by \"good will\" from both supporters and opponents.Two weeks after his appointment Wagner requested its revocation because of the widespread criticism. In those 2 weeks the number of people leaving the Church had quadrupled in his Linz congregation, with similar or even higher numbers in the neighbouring communities, many of the ex-parishioners naming Wagner's appointment as the reason for their departure. The Times-Picayune reported Wagner's announcement in an Associated Press article concluding with a comparison between the Wagner situation and that surrounding the Holy See's decision to lift the excommunication of the bishops of the Society of St. Pius X, particularly Holocaust-denier Richard Williamson. The Vatican formally accepted the resignation and dispensed Wagner from his appointment on 2 March 2009."@en .corpus232.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOW_Gospel_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "WOW Gospel 2009 is a gospel music compilation album from the WOW series.  Released on January 27, 2009, it includes thirty songs and two bonus tracks on a double album.  It reached number 27 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2009, and number one on the Billboard Top Gospel Albums chart.  The album cover pays tribute to the United States of America, particularly with the 2008 election and 2009 inauguration of U.S. President Barack Obama.  (Coincidentally, this album was released exactly one week after the latter.)WOW Gospel 2009 has the only number one gospel chart hit: \"Never Would Have Made It\"."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama:_From_Promise_to_Power> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Obama: From Promise to Power is a 2007 political biography book by David Mendell about the life of Barack Obama from his childhood to the announcement of his candidacy for president of the United States. The book focuses on Obama's fast rise from obscurity to the national stage, but portrays it not as an unplanned phenomenon, but rather as the result of a carefully crafted and calculated plan by an ambitious man. Mendell, a Chicago Tribune reporter, had covered Obama since the beginning of his campaign for the U.S. Senate in Illinois. The book utilizes both the first-hand research from Mendell's original reporting, as well as a wide range of interviews which Obama's aides, mentors, political adversaries and family.Obama: From Promise to Power was one of the first biography books from the 2008 presidential campaign season, but upon its initial release did not receive the same attention as books about Hillary Clinton, who was initially considered a stronger contender in the 2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries. As a result, Obama: From Promise To Power did not receive the same large-scale book tours and press attention as such Clinton biographies as A Woman in Charge: The Life of Hillary Rodham Clinton by Carl Bernstein and Her Way: The Hopes and Ambitions of Hillary Rodham Clinton by Jeff Gerth and Don Van Natta, Jr.The National Review called Obama: From Promise to Power \"the single best source of background information on our new president\". Although the publication said the book was generally sympathetic toward Obama, it also praised Mendell for taking note of his faults and his  \"considerable ego\", citing in particular the opening of the book, in which Obama confidentially states, \"I'm LeBron, baby\", before speaking at the 2004 Democratic National Convention. Tim Russert, host of NBC's Meet the Press, was particularly impressed with Mendell's frank assessments of Obama's flaws and ambition, such as the statement, \"What the public has yet to see clearly is his hidden side, his imperious, mercurial, self-righteous, and sometimes prickly nature, each quality exacerbated by the enormous career pressures that he has inflicted upon himself.\" A WLS-TV review of Obama: From Promise to Power said the book \"carries with it a certain oral history-style wholeness\", due to the variety of people it profiled from Obama's life. The review said Mendell's long history of first-hand news coverage of Obama lent the book \"both an insider's perspective and a journalist's shrewd critical eye, and the portrait that he paints of Obama is more comprehensive than any previous treatment of this remarkable man\".In February 2008, Obama: From Promise to Power won an NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Literary Work in the Biography/Autobiography category."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Stegall> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Caleb Stegall (born September 20, 1971) is an American attorney and writer residing in Perry, Kansas. He has served as the District attorney for Jefferson County, Kansas and Chief Counsel to Kansas Governor Sam Brownback before being appointed to the Kansas Court of Appeals. On August 29, 2014, Stegall was appointed by Kansas Governor Sam Brownback to the Kansas Supreme Court, replacing Nancy Moritz, who was appointed by President Barack Obama to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals. He is a proponent of traditionalist conservatism."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Hathaway> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Melissa Hathaway (born November 10, 1968) is an American private sector cybersecurity expert best known for her work as the Director of the Joint Interagency Cyber Task Force in the at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence during the George W. Bush administration and her six-month role at the National Security Council under the Barack Obama administration."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Ambassador_to_the_Marshall_Islands> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of the ambassadors of the United States to the Marshall Islands. The Office of the U.S. Representative was opened at Majuro on October 21, 1986. It was upgraded to an Embassy on September 6, 1989. On Tuesday, May 15, 2012, the White House Press Office, in a list of nominations, announced that President Barack Obama had nominated Thomas Hart Armbruster, of New York, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of the Marshall Islands. Armbruster was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 2, 2012. He succeeded Ambassador Campbell."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_C._Hugler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edward Charles Hugler (born February 7, 1950) is Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations in the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management, under United States Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis. That position has been his formal position at the United States Department of Labor since April 2000.  However, he served as Acting Secretary of Labor from February 2–24, 2009, when Solis's nomination by President Barack Obama became bogged down during Senate confirmation hearings. He stepped down from the position when Solis was confirmed and sworn in as Secretary of Labor.As Deputy Assistant Secretary, Hugler oversees day-to-day operations in the Department's Business Operations Center, Civil Rights Center, and Human Resources Center, as well as its Information Technology Center.From 1998 to 2000, he led the Department-wide Year 2000 transition, preparing systems in the Department's agencies for the year 2000, and managing associated contingency planning. He has also held posts in the Department's Mine Safety and Health Administration and Office of the Solicitor."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Loui> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ronald Prescott Loui is an American computer scientist and philosopher identified as \"Frederick\" in U.S. President Barack Obama's Dreams From My Father memoir, the first classmate the ten year-old Obama meets at Punahou School. Loui appears in Obama biographies, national and international newspaper articles, in online columns, in a film documentary, on NPR and on Fox TV news.  In cartoon form, he appears as Obama's childhood sidekick in the comic biography by Jeff Mariotte.  Loui is the first friend named and quoted by Obama in his memoir.  In a radio interview, Loui explained that his brother Terrence was really the first person who welcomed Obama and his grandfather to Punahou (so the character in the memoir is a composite of two people)."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13491> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13491 is an Executive Order issued on January 22, 2009 by United States President Barack Obama ordering compliance with US domestic law, and its international agreements, in its treatment of captives.The full title of the order is: Executive Order 13491 - Ensuring Lawful Interrogations.As part of this order Obama rescinded Executive Order 13440."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Eckert> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Beverly Eckert (May 29, 1951 – February 12, 2009) was an activist and advocate for the creation of the 9/11 Commission. She was one of the members of the 9/11 Family Steering Committee for the 9/11 Commission. Eckert's husband, Sean Rooney, died at age 50 in the attacks of September 11, 2001. She pushed for a commission to investigate 9/11 and to establish a memorial.Eckert died at age 57 on February 12, 2009, in the crash of Colgan Air Flight 3407 in Clarence Center, New York. She had met with President Barack Obama just a few days before her death in her role as an advocate for those affected by 9/11."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drone_strikes_in_Pakistan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Since 2004, the United States government has attacked hundreds of targets in Northwest Pakistan using unmanned aerial vehicles (drones) controlled by the Central Intelligence Agency's Special Activities Division. Most of these attacks are on targets in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas along the Afghan border in Northwest Pakistan.These strikes began during the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush, and have increased substantially under his successor Barack Obama. Some in the media have referred to the attacks as a \"drone war\". Initially the U.S. government had officially denied the extent of its policy; in May 2013 it acknowledged for the first time that four U.S. citizens had been killed in the strikes. Surveys have shown that the strikes are deeply unpopular in Pakistan, where they have contributed to a negative perception of the United States.There is a debate regarding the number of civilian and militant casualties. An estimated 286 to 890 civilians have been killed, including 168 to 197 children. Amnesty International found that a number of victims were unarmed and that some strikes could amount to war crimes.Pakistan's Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif, has repeatedly demanded an end to the strikes, stating: \"The use of drones is not only a continual violation of our territorial integrity but also detrimental to our resolve and efforts at eliminating terrorism from our country\". The Peshawar High Court has ruled that the attacks are illegal, inhumane, violate the UN charter on human rights and constitute a war crime. The Obama administration disagrees, contending that the attacks do not violate international law and that the method of attack is precise and effective."@en .corpus233.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnibus_Public_Land_Management_Act_of_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Pub.L. 111–11, H.R. 146) is a law passed in the 111th United States Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 30, 2009."@en .corpus234.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Pappas> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Marcia Pappas is the New York State president of the National Organization for Women.She has been called \"the most visible activist in New York State\" and has said that Sarah Palin’s nomination as the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate was \"an obvious play for the support that Hillary Clinton got in the primaries.\"In support of Clinton, she wrote a press release entitled \"Psychological Gang Bang of Hillary is Proof We Need a Woman President\", likening the reaction of Barack Obama and John Edwards to a gang rape. Pappas was strongly critical of the Stupak-Pitts Amendment, which places limits on taxpayer-funded abortions in the context of the November 2009 Affordable Health Care for America Act."@en .corpus234.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mendell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Mendell is an American journalist who wrote for the Chicago Tribune until the summer of 2008. Mendell was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, and currently lives in Oak Park, Illinois. During his time with the Tribune, Mendell covered the Columbine High School shootings and riots in Seattle spurred by meetings of the World Trade Organization. Mendell began covering Barack Obama on a regular basis in 2003, during Obama's U.S. Senate campaign.While covering the 2004 U.S. Senate race in Illinois, Democratic candidate and state comptroller Daniel Hynes accused Mendell of alluding in an article that Hynes' wife, Christina, was sexually attracted to Barack Obama; in the January 24, 2004 story, Mendell discussed Obama's personal charm and wrote, \"Obama grabbed the hand of Christina Hynes...and then kissed her cheek prompting her to flush and smile broadly.\" The reference to Christina Hynes was changed in subsequent Chicago Tribune editions to \"a supporter of an opponent.\" Mendell wrote the biography Obama: From Promise to Power, which was published in 2007. In writing the book, Mendell utilized both the first-hand research from Mendell's original reporting, as well as a wide range of interviews with Obama's aides, mentors, political adversaries and family. The National Review called Obama: From Promise to Power \"the single best source of background information on our new president.\" In February 2008, Mendell received an NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Literary Work in the Biography/Autobiography category for the book.Mendell took a buyout from the Tribune in the summer of 2008."@en .corpus234.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aduri> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Aduri is a 2008 American thriller film directed by Riyadh Mahmood. Written by Mahmood and Fahid Hasan, the film stars Ariana Almajan and Kawan Karadaghi.Produced by Washington DC filmmakers, and released May 16, 2008, Aduri presents the lives of two fugitives running from the FBI and correctly predicted the outcome of the United States presidential election, 2008 in November. One of the news sequences in the film refers to President Barack Obama."@en .corpus234.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois's_2nd_congressional_district_special_election,_1995> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sandi envisioned Jackson running for the 2nd congressional district seat in the Spring 1996 primary election. His father felt he should obtain experience at the local level as an alderman, Illinois State Senator or Illinois State Representative.  Therefore, Jackson Sr. approached Alice J. Palmer with a deal where they supported her for Congress and she support Junior for her seat in the Illinois State Senate, but Jackson Jr. did not agree with that plan.  He felt if Patrick Kennedy was ready at age 26, then at age 30 he was ready.  After seeking approval from former Democratic National Committee Chairman and Chicagoan David Wilhelm, he decided to run for the seat. Palmer ran and endorsed Barack Obama for her old seat.When Mel Reynolds, who was later convicted on sex misconduct charges, announced his resignation from the Congress on September 1, 1995, Jackson's name was (along with Palmer) one of the first names to surface as a replacement. On September 10, 1995, Jackson officially announced his candidacy. Five Democrats, including Illinois State Senate minority leader Emil Jones, and four Republicans competed in the November 29, 1995 party primaries for the party nominations in the December 12, 1995 general election. Jones was endorsed by Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley.  In addition to Jones, Jackson's toughest competitor, the Democratic field included Illinois State Senator Alice Palmer, Illinois State Representative Monique Davis and businessman John Morrow.  Jackson used a combination of multimedia, targeted marketing and an army of community activists to deliver his positive campaign messages.  He also registered thousands of new voters.  Jackson received no endorsements from the downtown daily newspapers (Chicago Tribune, Chicago Sun-Times, and the black daily, Chicago Defender), but was endorsed by the Citizen, Daily Southtown, Markham, Illinois mayor, Evans Miller, and one local labor organization.As part of his campaign he was the only candidate to embrace the third Chicago airport proposal being championed by Jim Edgar at the time.  The proposed airport in Peotone, Illinois was in Will County and was outside of the congressional district (which then was entirely contained in Cook County), but with thousands of jobs that would result nearby, his region would be a large beneficiary.  Jackson estimates the airport could bring the region nearly a quarter million jobs and with the multiplier effect on the economy the region would benefit by a half million jobs.One of Jackson's most lasting memories from his first election came during a bipartisan televised debate. During Jackson's positive campaign, he had emphasized that his district would be better off keeping Jones in office at the state capital in Springfield and sending Jackson to Washington. Jones said that being a politician took more than crowd pleasing and rhyming. At the time, the Chicago Bulls had just lost the popular B. J. Armstrong in the 1995 Expansion draft to the Toronto Raptors and Michael Jordan had recently returned to basketball from playing minor league baseball. Jackson memorably stated, \"I am not running against Emil Jones. I am trying to build a stronger team. B.J. should have never been traded; M.J. should have stayed in basketball; E.J. should stay in Springfield; and J.J. should be sent to Congress.\"Jackson won the democratic party primary and since the district is overwhelmingly Democratic, he was the favorite for the special general election.  The manner in which he won was interesting because although he lost two of the eleven city wards and three of the six townships, he won all the highest voter turnout regions (two largest townships and five largest wards) except the 34th ward, which was Jones' home base.  The day after winning the primary, he received a congratulatory phone call from United States Vice President Al Gore who had also won his first election (representing Tennessee in the House of Representatives) in the shadow of his father, Albert Gore, Sr. who had represented Tennessee in Congress.On the eve of the election, Gore attended a Jackson address. Jackson was campaigning in a district where his father was well-known. During this campaign, his lone controversy was the fact that his salary as field director the Rainbow Coalition had been subsidized by the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees International Union, which was accused by a Senate investigating committee of having ties to organized crime.  Nothing ever came of those accusations.Jackson won the general election against Republican Thomas Somer (76 percent to 24 percent).  The victory had been widely anticipated. Upon his victory, Jackson made it known he would be a liberal voice in opposition to Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, and he was sworn in by Gingrich on December 15, 1995 before being introduced to the House by long-time Chicago congressman Sidney Yates.  Jackson was perceived as less charismatic than his father and less credentialed than the Rhodes Scholar Reynolds, but his family pedigree was expected to help him open the doors that would enable him to serve the needs of his constituents effectively. In August 1996, Somer withdrew from a rematch leaving Jackson with no major party opposition.  As a result, Jackson received 94% of the vote in the general election.After being elected in the special general election, Jackson was one of many congressional politicians who received a donation from John Huang although Jackson did not know Mr. Huang. Jackson's donation was unexplained. Many recipients felt compelled to return the donations as a scandal erupted involving the true source of the funds. Eventually there was a Federal Bureau of Investigation and United States Department of Justice interrogation of Mr. Huang concerning irregularities which seemed to relate to Jackson and Bill Clinton. Mr. Huang's $1,000 contribution to Jackson's campaign was within legal limits and Jackson attributed Mr. Huang's desire to contribute to the national media attention his campaign's positive message received."@en .corpus234.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Duncan_Children's_Center> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Sue Duncan Children's Center is a non-profit organization on the South Side of Chicago founded in 1961 by Susan Duncan, mother of current Secretary of Education under President Barack Obama's administration, Arne Duncan. The center runs afterschool and summer programs to provide children of all ages free tutoring and academic support as well as access to extracurricular activities such as basketball and art. The center currently serves approximately 80 students."@en .corpus234.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Fox High School is a public high school located in Arnold, Missouri that is part of the Fox School District. Approximately 2,000 students are currently enrolled. Fox graduates 98.4 percent of its students, and 88 percent of its students continue to college or technical schools. Fox has received the \"Distinction in Performance\" award from Missouri numerous times.  Fox is named for Charles Fox, who once owned the land where the campus was built. President Barack Obama held a town hall meeting in the auditorium of the school on April 29, 2009 marking the 100th day of his administration."@en .corpus235.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Barzun> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matthew Winthrop Barzun (born October 23, 1970) is the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom.  He is a business executive who is known for his work with CNET Networks and for his volunteer work on Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. He served as U.S. Ambassador to Sweden from 2009 to 2011. He was selected by President Barack Obama as National Finance Chair for the president's 2012 re-election campaign."@en .corpus235.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Farrell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Diana Farrell is a Director of McKinsey & Company and the global leader and co-founder of the McKinsey Center for Government.From 2009 to 2011, Farrell was Deputy Director of the United States National Economic Council (NEC) and Deputy Assistant on Economic Policy to President Barack Obama. She was also a member of the Presidential Task Force on the Auto Industry.  While at the White House, Farrell directed interagency processes for the administration’s financial regulatory reform, housing and housing-finance policy, and innovation and competitiveness agendas.On November 22, 2010, Farrell announced that she would be leaving the administration by the end of the year. Lawrence Summers, then the Director of the NEC, who had previously announced that he would return at the end of the year to Harvard University, noted that Farrell had \"played a central role\" in the efforts of the administration to encourage economic growth, restructure the auto industry, and respond to the housing crisis. Summers further stated: \"Her natural talent as a policy maker and her good judgment made her invaluable in setting a course for economic recovery.\"Prior to serving in government, Farrell was the Director of the McKinsey Global Institute (MGI), McKinsey & Company's economics research arm. While at McKinsey she was also a leader of the Global Financial Institutions and Global Strategy practices. Prior to joining McKinsey, she worked for Goldman Sachs in New York.Farrell has a B.A. from Wesleyan University in Economics (College of Social Studies) and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.  She is a member of Council on Foreign Relations, the Bretton Woods Committee, the Pacific Council on International Policy, and the Wesleyan University board of trustees. She is married with two children."@en .corpus235.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnibus_Appropriations_Act,_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009 (H.R. 1105, Pub.L. 111–8) is an Act for the United States government that combines bills funding the operations of each of the Cabinet departments, except Defense, Homeland Security, and Veteran Affairs into a single appropriation bill. It was signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 11, 2009."@en .corpus235.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Queens_of_Freeville> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Mighty Queens of Freeville: A Mother, a Daughter, and the Town That Raised Them is a memoir by Amy Dickinson, the author of the syndicated advice column Ask Amy. It was released on February 3rd, 2009 by Hyperion Books.On the publication date, Dickinson appeared on Good Morning America and the following day she appeared on The View to promote the memoir, which chronicles her experiences with divorce and single motherhood and her life in a family that is predominantly made up of women. The Mighty Queens in the title refer to her mother, aunts and sisters. Dickinson also went on a book tour to promote the memoir, making stops all over the country. A full schedule of her tour is available on her book's website, listed below.On February 22nd, 2009, the book debuted on The New York Times bestseller list at number sixteen, tied with Barack Obama's inauguration address. In 2010, a paperback copy of the book was released with a slightly different cover design."@en .corpus235.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010_United_States_federal_budget> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Federal Budget for Fiscal Year 2010, titled A New Era of Responsibility: Renewing America's Promise, is a spending request by President Barack Obama to fund government operations for October 2009–September 2010. Figures shown in the spending request do not reflect the actual appropriations for Fiscal Year 2010, which must be authorized by Congress."@en .corpus235.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannie_Garcia> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mannie Garcia is an American freelance photojournalist currently based in Washington, D.C. His photos have been in many publications including TIME, The Washington Post and USA Today.Garcia's photos of the Ramstein airshow disaster in West Germany won a World Press Photo Award in 1989. During the disaster, he narrowly escaped death when a flying chunk of one of the jet's wings nearly hit him in the head. One of his cameras was smashed by shrapnel, preventing it from hitting him instead. After shooting photos of the crashing jets and fleeing spectators, Garcia helped the wounded. Sixty-seven spectators and three pilots died in the disaster, and 346 spectators sustained serious injuries in the resulting explosion and fire.In the early 1990s, Garcia shot photos of the Somali Civil War. In the mid 1990s he photographed the Bosnian War for The New York Times.Garcia's photograph of President George W. Bush surveying the damage from Hurricane Katrina in August 2005 from the high remove of Air Force One became a symbol of his administration's slow and detached reaction to the human suffering and wreckage below.In April 2006, Garcia took the photograph of Barack Obama that was later used uncredited by artist Shepard Fairey as the basis of Fairey's Barack Obama HOPE poster.In 2011, Garcia was arrested by a police officer in Wheaton, Maryland. According to Garcia, after he began taking pictures of a police incident across the street, one of the officers grabbed him by the neck, struck him, slammed his head onto a police car, and removed the memory chip from his camera. Garcia was charged with disorderly conduct and the police report claimed that he \"threw himself to the ground, attempting to injure himself.\" He was acquitted of the charge several months later. His White House press credentials were not renewed because of the outstanding charge, but were renewed after the acquittal. On December 7, 2012, Garcia reinstated a lawsuit against Montgomery County, Maryland, its chief of police and several officers of the Montgomery County Police Department seeking among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On March 4, 2013 the Justice Department filed a statement of interest with the district court hearing the lawsuit, asserting its position that citizens have a First Amendment right to peacefully photograph law enforcement officers in the exercise of their duties, and urging the court to rule against a motion to dismiss filed by the defendants."@en .corpus235.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009_College_Basketball_Invitational> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2009 College Basketball Invitational (CBI) was a single-elimination tournament of 16 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I teams that did not participate in the 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament or the 2009 National Invitation Tournament. The opening round began Tuesday, March 17. A best-of-three championship series between Oregon State and UTEP resulted in an Oregon State victory on April 3. The 2009 CBI marked the first ever postseason tournament championship for Oregon State as well as a successful conclusion to head coach Craig Robinson's first year. The Beavers were honored with a visit to the White House with president Barack Obama; Robinson is the brother of First Lady Michelle Obama."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offshore_drilling_on_the_US_Atlantic_coast> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Offshore drilling on the US Atlantic coast for oil and gas took place from 1947 to the early 1980s.  Oil companies drilled 5 wells in Atlantic Florida state waters and 51 exploratory wells on federal leases on the outer continental shelf of the Atlantic coast.  None of the wells were completed as producing wells. All the leases have now reverted to the government.Although no oil or gas have been produced from beneath US Atlantic waters, there are active offshore fields to the south in offshore Cuba and to the north in offshore Canada.Each coastal state along the Atlantic coast owns the territory extending three nautical miles (3.45 statute, or land miles) from the shore at mean low tide, and has jurisdiction to decide whether or not, and under what terms, to lease the territory for oil and gas.  The federal government owns and controls the minerals between three and 200 nautical miles (370 km) from the shore.In accordance with congressional restrictions and presidential orders, no federal leasing has taken place on the offshore US Atlantic coast since the early 1980s.  The federal government had scheduled a lease sale offshore Virginia, to take place in 2011, and in March 2010, US President Barack Obama announced his intention to open the Mid-Atlantic and South Atlantic planning areas to oil and gas exploration. However, lease sale plans were cancelled in May 2010 following the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. In December 2010, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar announced a ban on drilling in federal waters off the Atlantic coast through 2017."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Isakowitz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steve Isakowitz (born c. 1961) is the President of Virgin Galactic.In 2007, he was appointed as the United States Department of Energy Chief Financial Officer by President George W. Bush and was selected to continue in his position under President Barack Obama.  He was also the Deputy Associate Administrator of NASA, from 2002 to 2005. While serving as Branch Chief for Science and Space at the White House Office of Management and Budget, he managed a $50 billion space program budget.A native of Cleveland, Ohio, Mr. Isakowitz graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a bachelor’s and master’s degree in aerospace engineering."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helping_Families_Save_Their_Homes_Act_of_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Helping Families Save Their Homes Act of 2009 (Pub.L. 111–22) is a recently enacted public law in the United States. On May 20, 2009, the Senate bill was signed into law by President Barack Obama. The stated purpose of the act, a product of the 111th United States Congress, was to allow bankruptcy judges to modify mortgages on primary residences, among other purposes; however, that provision was dropped in the Senate and is not included in the version that was eventually signed into law.  In addition, the bill amends the Hope for Homeowners Program as well as provide additional provisions to help borrowers avoid foreclosure.On May 20, 2009, President Obama signed the Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to Housing (HEARTH) Act into law (Pub.L. 111–22), reauthorizing HUD's Homeless Assistance programs. It was included as part of the Helping Families Save Their Homes Act of 2009. The HEARTH Act allows for the prevention of homelessness, rapid re-housing, consolidation of housing programs, and new homeless categories. In the eighteen months after the bill's signing, HUD must make regulations implementing this new McKinney program.In late 2009, some homeless advocacy organizations, such as the National Coalition for the Homeless, reported and published perceived problems with the HEARTH Act of 2009 as a HUD McKinney-Vento Reauthorization bill, especially with regard to privacy, definitional ineligibility, community roles, and restrictions on eligibile activities."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_M._Zack> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Arnold M. Zack served as an arbitrator and mediator of labor management disputes since 1957.  Born on October 7, 1931 in Lynn Massachusetts, he is a graduate of Tufts College (BA 1953), Yale Law School (LLB 1956) and the Harvard University Graduate School of Public Administration (MPA 1961). He was a Fulbright Scholar, a Wertheim Fellow, President of the National Academy of Arbitrators and member of the College of Labor and Employment Lawyers. He served as a judge of the Asian Development Bank Administrative Tribunal and was President of the Tribunal since 2010.  He also served and taught as senior research associate at the Labor and Worklife Program at Harvard Law School and the Harvard Trade Union Program since 1985.Zack carried out a variety of duties for Washington. President Jimmy Carter appointed him a member of the Foreign Service Labor Relations Board, while Presidents George H.W. Bush, William Clinton, and Barack Obama selected him for a variety of Presidential Emergency Boards. For instance, on August 21, 1997, Clinton named Zack chair of Presidential Emergency Board no. 234, which sought to avert a strike facing Amtrak from its workers represented by the Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employees (BMWE). On October 6, 2011, Obama chose him as a member of the board to tackle labor disputes between the rail freight industry and its unions. While handling disputes in the rail and airline industries, Zack also served as an arbitrator for cases involving public sector agencies such as the Postal Service, IRS and various state agencies and governments. From 1990-2000, he undertook the chairmanship of Bermuda's Essential Industries Dispute Settlement Board. From 1998-2001, he also occupied the Chair of Bermuda's Essential Services Dispute Settlement Board. He also had extensive experience interviewing trade unionists and promoting Arbitration mechanisms in South Africa. He was a visiting lecturer teaching Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) courses at Northeastern University, Simmons College, Cornell School of Industrial Relations, and Yale Law School.  Zack is regarded as a student and protege of former U.S. Secretary of Labor John T. Dunlop, who saw himself as a problem solver and someone seeking to overcome polarizing ideological stances.  In 1997, they co-wrote Mediation and Arbitration of Employment Disputes.Zack received several awards for his efforts in dispute resolution: the Distinguished Service Award and Whitney North Seymour Medal of the American Arbitration Association, the Pioneer Award and Willoughby Abner Award of the Association on Conflict Resolution, the 2008 LERA Inaugural Fellow award, and the Cushing Gavin Award of the Archdiocese of Boston."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Office_of_Health_Reform> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The White House Office of Health Reform was a new government entity in the United States created by President Barack Obama. The office was a component of the Domestic Policy Council in the Office of White House Policy. The Director of the Office of Health Reform is titled the Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of Office of Health-Care Reform. The first and last Director was Nancy-Ann Min DeParle.In 2011, the White House abolished the Office of Health Reform and transferred its work to the Domestic Policy Council. Melody Barnes, who was the Director of the Domestic Policy Council at the time, assumed the duties of the office."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Office_of_Energy_and_Climate_Change_Policy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The White House Office of Energy and Climate Change Policy was a new government entity in the United States created in 2008 by President Barack Obama by Executive Order, by-passing Congress, that existed for a little over two years when it was combined with another presidential office in April 2011.  The office was created in order to coordinate administration policy on energy and climate change."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Daniel_Breen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Daniel Breen (born July 10, 1950) is the Chief United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee.Born in Jackson, Tennessee, Breen received a B.A. from Spring Hill College in 1972 and a J.D. from the University of Tennessee in 1975. He was in private practice in Jackson from 1975 to 1991. He served as U.S. Magistrate Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee from 1991 to 2003 before being nominated to his current position.On January 7, 2003, Breen was nominated by President George W. Bush to a seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee vacated by Julia Smith Gibbons. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 13, 2003 and received his commission on March 14, 2003. He became chief judge in 2013.Breen presided over the case of Daniel Cowart and Paul Schlesselman, the perpetrators in the Barack Obama assassination plot in Tennessee. In 2010, Breen convicted the two of conspiracy to murder Obama and other African-American people and sentenced Cowart and Schlesselman to 14 and 10 years in federal prison respectively; both suspects pled guilty to conspiracy to their charges."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Briones> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Briones (born 1943) is a United States federal judge.Born in El Paso, Texas, Briones was in the United States Army from 1964 to 1966, then received a B.A. from the University of Texas in 1969 and a J.D. from the University of Texas School of Law in 1971. He was in private practice in El Paso, Texas from 1971 to 1991. He was a judge on the El Paso County Court at Law Number One from 1991 to 1994. On August 25, 1994, Briones was nominated by President Bill Clinton to a seat Briones on the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas vacated by Lucius Desha Bunton. Briones was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 7, 1994, and received his commission on October 11, 1994. He assumed senior status on February 26, 2009. On Wednesday, September 14, 2011, President Barack Obama nominated a Magistrate Judge on the same Circuit, Judge David Campos Guaderrama (who has been a Magistrate Judge for that court since October 2010) to replace Briones on the District Court."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_M._O'Malley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kathleen McDonald O'Malley (born 1956) is a United States federal judge.Born in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania, O'Malley received a double A.B. from Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio in 1979, graduating magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa. Her majors were honors history and economics; she graduated in both with distinction. She received a J.D. degree from Case Western Reserve University School of Law, Order of the Coif, in 1982, where she served on Law Review and was a member of the National Mock Trial Team. She was a law clerk to Nathaniel R. Jones of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit from 1982 to 1983. She was in private practice in Columbus, Ohio from 1983 to 1991, first with at Jones, Day, Reavis and Pogue, until 1985, and then with Porter, Wright, Morris & Arthur, where she became a partner, with an emphasis was on complex corporate and commercial litigations, including intellectual property, securities fraud, trade secrets, shareholder's rights and large-scale coverage disputes. She was chief counsel to the Ohio Attorney General's Office from 1991 to 1993, where she was responsible, under the direction of the Attorney General, for the overall functioning and management of all divisions of the Attorney General's Office, including litigation, law enforcement, legislative activities, policy initiatives and the human resources and administrative aspects of the office. From 1993 to 1994, she was Chief Counsel to the Attorney General, overseeing the work of the office's 350 attorneys and acting as Counsel of Record in the state's more sensitive and complex legal battles.On September 20, 1994, O'Malley was nominated by President Bill Clinton to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio vacated by John William Potter. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 7, 1994, and received her commission on October 12, 1994. On March 10, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated O'Malley for elevation to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 22, 2010."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_G._Larimer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David G. Larimer (born 1944) is a United States federal judge.Born in Rochester, New York, Larimer received a B.A. from St. John Fisher College in 1966 and a J.D. from Notre Dame Law School in 1969. He served as a law clerk for Hon. Joseph C. McGarraghy, U.S. District Court, District of Columbia from 1969 to 1970. After this, he was an assistant U.S. Attorney of the Washington, D.C. from 1970 to 1973. In the following years, Larimer worked as an assistant U.S. Attorney of the Rochester, New York from 1973 to 1975. He was in private practice in Rochester, New York from 1975 to 1979. An Adjunct instructor of law, David G. Larimer taught at St. John Fisher College from 1978 to 1981. He was a Chief appellant law assistant, Supreme Court, Appellate Division Fourth Department, Rochester, New York from 1979 to 1981. He was in private practice in Rochester, New York from 1982 to 1987. Larimer was United States Magistrate Judge for the United States District Court for the Western District of New York, 1983–1987. On May 5, 1987, he was nominated by President Ronald Reagan to a new seat created by 98 Stat. 333, confirmed by the United States Senate on November 5, 1987, and received his commission on November 6, 1987. He served as chief judge from 1996–2002. He assumed senior status on March 3, 2009. Frank Paul Geraci, Jr., of New York, was nominated by President Barack Obama on Monday, May 14, 2012 to the U.S. Senate and confirmed by voice vote on Thursday, December 13, 2012, as his replacement."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_D._Land> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Clay Daniel Land (born 1960) is a United States federal judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia. He has served as Chief Judge since October 1, 2014.Born in Shreveport, Louisiana, Land received a B.B.A. from the University of Georgia in 1982 and a J.D. from the University of Georgia Law School in 1985. He was in private practice in Columbus, Georgia from 1985 to 2001. On September 21, 2001, President George W. Bush nominated Land to a seat on the United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia vacated by J. Robert Elliot. Land was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 13, 2001, and received his commission on December 21, 2001. Land was in the spotlight in late 2009 when he tried the case Rhodes v. Macdonald, in which Army physician Connie Rhodes attempted to secure a restraining order against her being deployed to Iraq on the argument that President Barack Obama was not born in the United States and was ineligible to serve as President. Land rejected the argument as frivolous. Within hours of Land's decision, the physician's attorney, Orly Taitz, told the news site Talking Points Memo that she felt Land's refusal to hear her case was an act of treason. Two days later, she filed a motion to stay Rhodes' deployment pending rehearing of the dismissal order. She repeated her treason allegations against Land and made several other intemperate statements, including claims that Land was aiding and abetting purported aspirations of \"dictatorship\" by Obama. Land rejected the motion as frivolous and ordered her to show cause why she should not be fined $10,000 for abuse of judicial process. After Rhodes asked for Taitz to be removed as her attorney, on October 13, 2009, Judge Land issued a scathing 40-page ruling sanctioning Taitz and imposed a monetary penalty of $20,000 under Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Upon learning of Land's ruling, Taitz told Talking Points Memo that she would not pay the fine, calling it \"intimidation\"."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_E._Lynch> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gerard Edmund Lynch (born September 4, 1951) is a United States federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. He was confirmed to that seat on September 17, 2009 after previously having been appointed in 2000 by President Bill Clinton to serve on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Judge Lynch was the first appeals-court judge nominated by President Barack Obama to win confirmation from the United States Senate.Lynch is also the Paul J. Kellner Professor of Law at Columbia Law School."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_B._Martin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Beverly Baldwin Martin (born August 7, 1955) is a United States federal judge.  She was appointed to the federal bench by President Bill Clinton.  On June 19, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Martin to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.  The Senate confirmed her on January 20, 2010 and she began active service on January 28."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Billy_McDade> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joe Billy McDade (born 1937) is a United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois, with chambers in Peoria, Illinois.  He is the first judge of the newly created seat, and was nominated by George H. W. Bush.His wife, Mary McDade, is also a judge: she has been a justice on the Illinois Appellate Court since December 2000. They have four children.McDade has senior status, a form of semi retirement. Sara Lynn Darrow, a federal prosecutor based in Rock Island, Illinois (one of the four Illinois-Iowa Quad Cities) has replaced him following her nomination by President Barack Obama and confirmation by the United States Senate."@en .corpus236.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Saperstein_(rabbi)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Saperstein is an American rabbi, lawyer, Jewish community leader, He has served as the director and chief legal counsel at the Union for Reform Judaism's Religious Action Center for more than 30 years. Saperstein succeeded Rabbi Richard G. Hirsch as leader of the Washington D.C.-based political lobbying arm of the North American Reform movement. There, he advocates on a broad range of social justice issues. He directs a staff who provide extensive legislative and programmatic materials to synagogues, federations and Jewish Community Relations Councils nationwide, coordinating social action education programs that train nearly 3,000 Jewish adults, youth, rabbinic and lay leaders each year. He has been described as America’s most influential rabbi.He currently co-chairs the Coalition to Preserve Religious Liberty, and serves on the boards of the NAACP and People For the American Way. In 1999, Saperstein was elected as the first Chair of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom.On August 28, 2008, Saperstein delivered the invocation at the Democratic National Convention's final session, before Senator Barack Obama accepted the party's nomination for president. In February 2009, he was named to President Obama's Council for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. Saperstein is also as an adjunct professor at Georgetown University Law Center.On July 28, 2014, President Obama nominated Saperstein to be the first non-Christian to hold the post of United States Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom. In December 2014 Saperstein's appointment to the post won U.S. Senate confirmation.He is a graduate member in good standing of the Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity."@en .corpus237.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulanjan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kulanjan is a 1999 album by blues artist Taj Mahal and Malian kora-player Toumani Diabaté.Mahal had first visited Mali in 1979, and the title of the album comes from the track \"Kulanjan\"  from the 1970 album of kora music, Ancient Strings, by Toumani Diabaté's father Sidiki Diabaté. Mahal and Toumani Diabaté had first met in 1990, and in 1999, Toumani Diabeté selected six virtuoso Malian musicians and took them to record the album with Mahal in Athens, Georgia.The album was described by New Statesman as \"a rousing set of eclectic grooves, calling on ragtime, barrelhouse blues and even rock'n'roll\".Kulanjan was named album of the year by Folk Roots magazine, and President Barack Obama recommended the album in a survey for the Borders book chain.Taj Mahal followed the album with a tour accompanied by West African musicians, linking his American blues sound to traditional West African rhythms and tracing the origins of blues to West Africa, Mahal also convinced that Mali's Mande griot (musician) clan were his ancestors."@en .corpus237.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2004_Democratic_National_Convention_keynote_address> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention (DNC) was given by then Illinois State Senator, United States Senate candidate, and future President Barack Obama on the night of Tuesday, July 27, 2004. His unexpected landslide victory in the March 2004 Illinois U.S. Senate Democratic primary made him a rising star within the national Democratic Party overnight, started speculation about a presidential future, and led to the reissue of his memoir, Dreams from My Father. His convention keynote address was well received, which further elevated his status within the Democratic Party and led to his reissued memoir becoming a bestseller.Obama first met Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry in the spring of 2004, and was one of several names considered for the role of keynote speaker at the party's convention that summer. Obama was told in early July 2004 that he was chosen to deliver the address, and he largely wrote the speech himself, with later edits from the Kerry presidential campaign. Delivered on the second night of the DNC in just under 20 minutes, the address included both a biographical sketch of Obama, his own vision of America, and the reasons for his support of Kerry for the presidency. Unlike almost all prior and all subsequent convention keynote addresses, it was not televised by the commercial broadcast networks, and was only seen by a combined PBS, cable news and C-SPAN television audience of about 9 million. Since its delivery, several academics have studied the speech, both for the various narratives it describes as well as its implications for racial reconciliation."@en .corpus237.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_Party_protests> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Tea Party protests were a series of protests throughout the United States that began in early 2009. The protests were part of the larger political Tea Party movement.Among other events, protests were held on: February 27, 2009, to protest the Troubled Assets Relief Program (TARP) U.S. financial system bailouts signed by President George W. Bush in October, 2008, and the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 stimulus legislation signed by President Barack Obama; April 15, 2009, to coincide with the annual U.S. deadline for submitting tax returns, known as Tax Day; July 4, 2009, to coincide with Independence Day; September 12, 2009, to coincide with the anniversary of the day after the September 11 attacks;November 5, 2009, in Washington D.C. to protest health insurance reform; March 14–21, 2010, in D.C. during the final week of debate on the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.Most Tea Party activities have since been focused on opposing efforts of the Obama Administration, and on recruiting, nominating, and supporting candidates for state and national elections.The name \"Tea Party\" is a reference to the Boston Tea Party, whose principal aim was to protest taxation without representation. Tea Party protests evoked images, slogans and themes from the American Revolution, such as tri-corner hats and yellow Gadsden \"Don't Tread on Me\" flags. The letters T-E-A have been used by some protesters to form the backronym \"Taxed Enough Already\".Commentators promoted Tax Day events on various blogs, Twitter, and Facebook, while the Fox News Channel regularly featured televised programming leading into and promoting various protest activities.  Reaction to the tea parties included counter-protests expressing support for the Obama administration, and dismissive or mocking media coverage of both the events and its promoters."@en .corpus237.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama_On_My_Mind> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Obama on my Mind is a musical play about the 2008 presidential campaign of Barack Obama by British crime writer and film producer Teddy Hayes.The play, a musical comedy, is a campaign story set the week after the 2008 Republican National Convention.Reviews were strongly negative. Lyn Gardner wrote a critical review in The Guardian, describing the musical as \"opportunistic\", and as a \"bizarrely unfocused text - an apparently unedited stream of consciousness\"."@en .corpus237.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeowners_Affordability_and_Stability_Plan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Homeowners Affordability and Stability Plan is a U.S. program announced on February 18, 2009 by U.S. President Barack Obama. According to the US Treasury Department, it is a $75 billion program to help up to nine million homeowners avoid foreclosure, which was supplemented by $200 billion in additional funding for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to purchase and more easily refinance mortgages. The plan is funded mostly by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act. It uses cost sharing and incentives to encourage lenders to reduce homeowner's monthly payments to 31 percent of their gross monthly income. Under the program, a lender would be responsible for reducing total monthly mortgage payments (PITI) to no more than 38 percent of the borrower’s income, with the government sharing the cost to further reduce the payment to 31 percent. The plan also involves potentially forgiving or deferring a portion of the borrower’s mortgage balance. Mortgage servicers will receive incentives to modify loans and to help the homeowner stay current, though participation by lenders is voluntary."@en .corpus237.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkman_Bandstand> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Parkman Bandstand is a landmark bandstand located on the eastern side of the Boston Common in Boston, Massachusetts, USA. It was built in 1912 from a design by Derby, Robinson & Shephard at a cost of $1 million on the site of the Cow Pond (also known as the Horse Pond), which had been filled in 1838 after cattle-grazing had been outlawed on the Common.Named for George F. Parkman, the bandstand was constructed following his death in 1908, in honor of a $5 million donation he had willed for the care of the Boston Common and other city parks. Parkman was the son of George Parkman, a doctor who had donated land for Harvard Medical School's first campus a few years before his murder and dismemberment at the hands of Harvard Medical School professor John Webster in 1849.In 1996, the bandstand was restored and is used today for concerts, rallies, and speeches. Recent notable gatherings include the Boston Freedom Rally and a 2007 Presidential Primary rally in which both Barack Obama and Deval Patrick gave speeches from the bandstand."@en .corpus237.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Hamburg> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Margaret Ann Hamburg (born July 12, 1955, Chicago, Illinois) is an American physician and medical/public health administrator. She has served as Commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration since May, 2009. She has announced her resignation as FDA Commissioner, effective in March, 2015.She was appointed the  Board of Directors of Henry Schein Associates, the largest provider of healthcare products and services to office-based practitioners in the combined North American and European markets, on November 3, 2003.  She served on the board from 2003 until she was confirmed as Commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on May 18, 2009.  She has served as Vice President for Biological Programs, Nuclear Threat Initiative, Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation at the  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, and as Commissioner of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. She was nominated in March 2009 by President Barack Obama to become the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, and was sworn in on May 22, 2009. She has received numerous awards, among them the National Consumers League's Trumpeter Award in 2011 and the National Center for Health Research's 2011 Health Research Policy Hero Award.In 2014, she was listed as the 51st most powerful woman in the world by Forbes.Margaret Hamburg is the daughter of Beatrix Hamburg and David A. Hamburg, both physicians. Her mother was the first African-American woman to attend Vassar College and to earn a degree from the Yale University School of Medicine (which had previously excluded black students). Her father, of Jewish descent, had a career in academic medicine and mental illness research, public policy, and philanthropic leadership. He was the president of the Carnegie Corporation of New York. She is married to artificial intelligence researcher Peter Fitzhugh Brown, with whom she has two children."@en .corpus238.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Monahan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brian Monahan (born in Fairfield, Connecticut) is the Attending Physician of the United States Congress and the United States Supreme Court and holds the rank of Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. Dr. Monahan was selected by the leadership of the Congress and nominated to the position and rank by United States President Barack Obama in January 2009. He previously served as the Director of Hematology and Medical Oncology at the National Naval Medical Center. He is a Master of The American College of Physicians and a Member of the Academy of Medicine. Dr. Monahan is an experienced hematology and medical oncology (HMO) doctor and researcher, was a staff physician for the Office of Attending Physician in the early 1990s and maintained a supporting role with the office during countless National Special Security Events, State of the Union Addresses and Joint Sessions of Congress, and essential continuity of government initiatives. He served as Professor and Chairman of Medicine at The Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Bethesda MD prior to his present assignment. He returned permanently in the spring of 2008 as the Assistant Attending Physician.In May 2003, Dr. Monahan was presented with the 18th Annual Clinical Investigation Program Award for his project entitled, A Pilot Study of Oxaliplatin and Capecitibine in Adult Patients with Refractory Solid Tumors. The three-year project tested the effectiveness of an anti-cancer drug on 100 patients with colon cancer.Monahan is also a medical educator at the Uniformed Services University (USU) Department of Medicine where he has been selected Outstanding Teacher of the Year multiple times.  He became Assistant Professor of Medicine at USU in 1991 and was promoted to Associate Professor in 1999 and Professor of Medicine and Pathology in 2006. He was named the Outstanding Teacher of the Year of The National Cancer Institute in 2000."@en .corpus238.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent_Nelsen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brent Franklin Nelsen is an American political science professor at Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina. He serves as chair of the South Carolina Educational Television Commission, having been appointed to the position by South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley in 2011. In 2010 he was a Republican candidate for the position of South Carolina State Superintendent of Education. On Thursday, April 25, 2013, U.S. President Barack Obama nominated him for confirmation by the U.S. Senate to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Corporation for Public Broadcasting, for a term expiring Sunday, January 31, 2016, replacing Gay Hart Gaines, whose term expired. He was confirmed by the Senate on August 1, 2013.Nelsen completed his undergraduate study at Wheaton College and then pursued a Masters and Doctorate of Political Science at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He has taught political science at Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina since 1989. He was chair of the Furman Department of Political Science from 2003 to 2009. Nelsen also served as President of the South Carolina Political Science Association from 2009 to 2010 and President of Christians in Political Science from 2004 to 2006. His scholarship focuses on the European Union, especially the role of religion in the formation of attitudes toward European integration.He is married to Lori Nelsen and has three children. Nelsen was a founding member of Redeemer Presbyterian Church in Greenville, South Carolina where he serves as an elder."@en .corpus238.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_G._Olsen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matthew Glen Olsen (born February 21, 1962) is an American prosecutor and the former Director of the National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC). Born in Fargo, North Dakota, Olsen is the graduate of the University of Virginia and Harvard Law School. Olsen began his career as a law clerk for District Court Judge Norma Holloway Johnson, before entering private practice and working as a trial attorney for the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division in 1992. He moved to the United States Attorney's office for the District of Columbia where he was a federal prosecutor and served as the first director of the Office's National Security Division from 2004 to 2005. In 2006 Olsen was appointed by President George W. Bush to be the Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Justice Department's National Security Division, where he served until 2009, when he became the acting director of the Division. In 2009, he was appointed by Attorney General Eric Holder to become the Head of the Guantanamo Review Task Force, a commission set up to oversee the legal justifications of the detainees at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. Olsen later briefly served as Associate Deputy Attorney General and as the General Counsel of the National Security Agency.On July 1, 2011, President Barack Obama nominated Olsen to become the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center. Olsen was confirmed by the Senate on August 16, 2011. He left that post in July 2014."@en .corpus238.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spidey_Meets_the_President!> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Spidey Meets the President!\" is a backup feature in The Amazing Spider-Man #583, written by Zeb Wells, with art by Todd Nauck and Frank D'Armata. The cover of the issue shows Barack Obama giving a thumbs-up to Spider-Man. The comic book was published the week before Obama's inauguration in January 2009."@en .corpus238.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/JournoList> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "JournoList (sometimes referred to as the J-List) was a private Google Groups forum for discussing politics and the news media with 400 \"left-leaning\" journalists, academics and others. Ezra Klein created the online forum in February 2007 while blogging at The American Prospect and shut it down on June 25, 2010 amid wider public exposure.  Right-leaning journalists later pointed out various off-color statements made by members of the list denigrating conservatives, as well as a seeming conspiracy to prop up then Presidential candidate Barack Obama.  Others defended such statements as being taken out of context or simply a matter of private candor."@en .corpus238.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Office_for_Health_Reform> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The White House Office for Health Reform, created by President Barack Obama, is charged with the mission of implementing changes and reforms to current United States health care policies. The Office is led by former Clinton advisor Nancy-Ann DeParle.Obama had originally picked former Senator Tom Daschle for the role, but Daschle withdrew after a scandal broke over his unpaid taxes."@en .corpus238.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guantanamo_Review_Task_Force> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Guantanamo Review Task Force was created by Executive Order 13492 issued by President of the United States Barack Obama on January 22, 2009, his second full day in office. United States Attorney General Eric Holder announced Matthew G. Olsen as Executive Director of the task force on February 20, 2009. The task force was charged with determining which Guantánamo detainees can be transferred (released), which can be prosecuted for crimes they may have committed, and, if neither of those is possible, recommending other lawful means for disposition of the detainees.The task force was an inter-agency task force, with the U.S. Department of Justice coordinating the efforts of officials from the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Department of State, and the Department of Homeland Security. The final report was issued January 22, 2010, but not publicly released until May 28, 2010. The Washington Post reported that the \"administration sat on the report in the wake of the attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day because there was little public or congressional appetite for further discussion of its plan to close the military detention center.\"Of the 240 detainees considered, the report recommended that 126 detainees should be transferred to their home country or to another country that was willing to accept them, 36 be prosecuted in either federal court or a military commission, 48 be held indefinitely under the laws of war and 30 Yemenis should be approved for transfer if security conditions in Yemen improved.  As of January 2015, 122 detainees remain at Guantanamo.Congressional Representative Frank Wolf criticized the task force claiming it was subjected to political interference from the White House."@en .corpus238.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_M._Kennedy_Serve_America_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act or Serve America Act (H.R. 1388, Public Law 111-13) was introduced in the United States House of Representatives on March 9, 2009, by Representative Carolyn McCarthy of New York. Originally titled the Generations Invigorating Volunteerism and Education Act (GIVE Act), the bill reauthorizes and expands the AmeriCorps program that was first established in 1993. It passed in the House of Representatives on March 18, 2009. The U.S. Senate debated and approved an amended version of the bill on March 26, 2009, renaming it the Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act, after Senator Ted Kennedy. The House of Representatives voted on the bill a second time, approving the amended version on March 31, 2009. It was signed by President Barack Obama on April 21, 2009."@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Wakefield> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mary Wakefield was named administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) by President Barack Obama on February 20, 2009."@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13492> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13492 is an Executive Order issued by United States President Barack Obama ordering the closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, in Cuba.The full title of the order is: Executive Order 13492 - Review and Disposition of Individuals Detained at the Guantánamo Bay Naval Base and Closure of Detention Facilities.In Executive Order 13493 Obama ordered the identification of alternate venues for the detainees."@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13493> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13493 is an Executive Order issued by United States President Barack Obama ordering the identification of lawful alternatives to the detention of captives in the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.The full title of the order is Executive Order 13493 - Review of Detention Policy Options.In his previous order, Executive Order 13492, Obama had ordered the camps' closure within a year, but Guantanamo Bay detention camp has still yet to be closed. As of January 2015, 122 detainees remain at Guantanamo.Executive Order 13493 was a follow-up to Executive Order 13492; in it, Obama had laid out the Special Interagency Task Force. Its job was to find lawful options of places to relocate prisoners."@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13440> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13440 is an Executive Order issued by United States President George W. Bush on July 20, 2007 ordering limited compliance with the Geneva Conventions in the treatment of captives held in extrajudicial detention by the Central Intelligence Agency.The full title of the order is: Executive Order 13440 - Interpretation of the Geneva Conventions Common Article 3 as Applied to a Program of Detention and Interrogation Operated by the Central Intelligence Agency.On January 22, 2009 President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13493, which rescinded Executive Order 13440."@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_military_casualties_in_the_War_in_Afghanistan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "As of August 4, 2014, there have been 2,201 U.S. military deaths in the War in Afghanistan and additional 134 fatalities in the broader Operation Enduring Freedom outside Afghanistan. 1,819 of these deaths inside Afghanistan have been the result of hostile action. 19 964 American servicemembers have been wounded in action during the war. In addition there are 1,173 U.S. civilian contractor fatalities.At the end of May 2010, the number of American fatalities was reported to have reached 1,000. By September 2012, the total number passed 2,000. More than two-thirds of those deaths have occurred since the American military presence in Afghanistan was doubled under President Barack Obama in 2009.The highest number of American fatalities recorded in a single incident occurred on August 6, 2011, in which a transport helicopter was shot down killing 30 Americans, including 22 Navy SEALs. In another incident in August 2014 major general Harold J. Greene became the highest-ranking American servicemember killed by hostile action."@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doing_Time_with_Ron_Kuby> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Doing Time with Ron Kuby was a left wing political talk show hosted by criminal defense and civil rights lawyer Ron Kuby. He is also the former cohost of Curtis and Kuby, with Curtis Sliwa, the popular AM drive show on WABC. The show aired weekdays from noon-3 PM eastern time until June 22, 2009. However, it is known for when it aired weekdays from 3:00 PM to 6:00 PM Eastern Standard Time and was syndicated nationally by Air America Media. The show's flagship was WWRL in New York. Talkers magazine listed the show as one of the 250 most influential in the country. The top of the hour theme song was \"What's Going On\" by Marvin Gaye. Although the show was political by nature, much of the discussion tended to be about everyday current events, which includes sports and pop culture. The possible appointment of Caroline Kennedy the New York state senate was an issue Ron was notably upset by. Ron is also known for being very critical of Israel. Ron claims to be the one who coined the moniker Octomom, in reference to Nadya Suleman, mother of the octuplets. The show's online listenership has steadily gone up since the its inception in June 2008. The show is marked by Ron's discourse with listeners as well as members of his staff. Features of the show include:Kuby versus Kuby: Ron Kuby takes both sides of an argument or legal issue and callers act as the jury and decide which Kuby is right. The segment was done on an almost daily basis when the show aired from 3 PM to 6 PM eastern, but since the switch it has seemed to have stopped.Chris's Ridiculous Audio Clip of the Day: Occasional segment which seems to have died down as of late. Chris provides sound, usually a quote from the day's events that the staff finds funny or absurd.Mailbag: The last segment of every Friday show where producer and board-op Chris Rosen reads the emails to Ron from the week. Listeners email the show at doingtime@airamerica.comLast Night on TV (with Stephanie): Associate producer and call screener Stephanie talks about the previous evening's important events pertaining to television shows she enjoys. Usually the segment focuses on American Idol or The Real Housewives of New York City.Barack Obama Saves the World: Ron and the crew talk about an accomplishment of our president, usually in a somewhat sarcastic manner.Doing Time Chatroom: Often referenced on the show, the chatroom is a way Ron and the staff communicate with listeners, in addition to phone calls. Although the chatroom is up 24/7, it's rarely active when the show's not on the air.KubeTube: The name is a play on the popular site YouTube, KubeTube is the live video stream of Ron and occasionally his staff.Get Worse, with Chris: Producer Chris complains about a story in the news he finds bothersome.The We Work Together Show: An internet only radio show that Ron describes as being \"underground\". It's a favorite show of Ron's and since his show has been ended, he communicates with many of his former listeners through the We Work Together Show chat room. Stephanie from Doing Time with Ron Kuby has made appearances on the We Work Together Show, and it is rumored that producer Chris Rosen will soon as well. The gentlemen who do the We Work Together Show, all either current or former employees of Air America, made an audio tribute to Ron Kuby once Doing Time ended on Air America."@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnnie_Carson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Johnnie Carson (born April 7, 1943) is a diplomat from the United States who has served as United States Ambassador to several African nations.  In 2009 he was nominated to become U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs by President Barack Obama. He resigned in 2013 after four years in the role and following the resignation of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton."@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Verma> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Rahul Verma (born November 1968) is the United States Ambassador to India. Verma was previously nominated by President Barack Obama in 2009 to serve as the Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs at the U.S. Department of State, a position he held until March 2011. Verma began his career as a lawyer with extensive experience in national security and nonproliferation issues."@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soda_Mountain_Wilderness> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Soda Mountain Wilderness is a protected wilderness area inside the Cascade–Siskiyou National Monument located in the U.S. state of Oregon adjacent to the California state border. The wilderness area was created by the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 30, 2009. The wilderness encompasses many mountains, including Boccard Point"@en .corpus239.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper_Salmon_Wilderness> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Copper Salmon Wilderness is a protected wilderness area in the Southern Oregon Coast Range and is part of the Rogue River–Siskiyou National Forest. The wilderness area was created by the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 30, 2009.The Copper Salmon Wilderness is located along the North and South Forks of Elk River and the upper Middle Fork of Sixes River.  The area contains one of the nation's largest remaining stands of low-elevation old-growth forest and one of the healthiest salmon, steelhead, and cutthroat trout runs in the continental United States along the north Fork of the Elk River, as well as stands of vulnerable Port Orford cedar and endangered marbled murrelets and northern spotted owls."@en .corpus24.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Panetta> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Leon Edward Panetta (born June 28, 1938) is an American statesman, lawyer, and professor. He served in the Barack Obama administration as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency from 2009 to 2011 and as Secretary of Defense from 2011 to 2013. A Democrat, Panetta was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1977 to 1993, served as Director of the Office of Management and Budget from 1993 to 1994 and as President Bill Clinton's Chief of Staff from 1994 to 1997. He is the founder of the Panetta Institute for Public Policy, served as Distinguished Scholar to Chancellor Charles B. Reed of the California State University System and professor of public policy at Santa Clara University.In January 2009, President-elect Obama nominated Panetta for the post of CIA Director. Panetta was confirmed by the full Senate in February 2009. As director of the CIA, Panetta oversaw the U.S. military operation that led to Osama bin Laden's death.On April 28, 2011, Obama announced the nomination of Panetta as Defense Secretary when Robert Gates retired. In June the Senate confirmed Panetta unanimously as Secretary of Defense. He assumed the office on July 1, 2011. David Petraeus took over as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency on September 6, 2011."@en .corpus24.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Edley,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Christopher Fairchild Edley, Jr. (born January 13, 1953) was the Dean of the University of California, Berkeley School of Law (Boalt Hall) from 2004 to 2013. After receiving his undergraduate degree from Swarthmore College, he attended Harvard Law School, where he later served as a professor. He is married to Maria Echaveste, former deputy chief  of staff for U.S. President Bill Clinton.  On August 16, 2013, he announced his intention to resign as dean, effective December 31, 2013.He served as an advisor to President Clinton's One America Initiative, was a member of the United States Commission on Civil Rights, and chaired President Clinton's 1998 Affirmative Action Review.  In the 2008 presidential election, he supported and advised candidate Barack Obama, one of his former students at Harvard Law School. On November 5, 2008, Edley was named to the advisory board of the Obama-Biden Transition Project.According to legal journalist Emily Bazelon, Edley \"has written thoughtfully and moderately about affirmative action.\""@en .corpus24.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Barthwell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Andrea Grubb Barthwell, M.D., worked in the White House under President of the United States George W. Bush as Deputy Director for Demand Reduction at the Office of National Drug Control Policy.Barthwell resigned her position in July 2004 for a possible run for the United States Senate from Illinois with the Republican Party.  Earlier, nominee Jack Ryan had dropped out of the race, leaving the party without a candidate.  Barthwell was favored by moderates on the Illinois Republican Central Committee to run against Democrat Barack Obama, but conservative committee members ultimately won out after two days of gridlock, forcing the committee to select former United Nations Ambassador and perpetual candidate Alan Keyes.  Keyes went on to lose to Obama in a landslide."@en .corpus240.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_De_Medeiros> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael De Medeiros is the author of more than 13 books, including fiction and non-fiction, Elvis: The Complete Music Catalog, Barack Obama and The NBA Championships.  He was the editor-in-chief of Maximum Fitness magazine, and recently has been appointed the editor-in-chief of Men's Fitness magazine."@en .corpus240.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009–10_Kentucky_Wildcats_men's_basketball_team> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2009–10 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team represented the University of Kentucky during the college basketball season of 2009–2010. This season was the first of John Calipari's tenure as head coach; he accepted the position on March 31, 2009.The Wildcats set several records this season. They became the first men's college basketball program to reach 2,000 wins by defeating the Drexel Dragons on December 21. Coach Calipari set a record for the most consecutive wins for a first-year Kentucky basketball coach at 19-0, surpassing Adolph Rupp's previous mark of 11-0. Kentucky also extended their existing records for most wins all-time, SEC regular-season championships, SEC tournament championships, NCAA tournament berths, and NCAA tournament wins.The team was briefly ranked #1 in both the ESPN/Coaches poll and AP poll, and posted the best record in the NCAA (35-3) Off the court, Coach Calipari spearheaded an effort to raise money for victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake, yielding $1.5 million and a congratulatory call from President Barack Obama."@en .corpus240.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_unofficial_events_for_the_first_inauguration_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The first inauguration of Barack Obama as the 44th President of the United States, which was held on January 20, 2009, had several unofficial events tied to ceremonies."@en .corpus240.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Kresa> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kent Kresa (born March 24, 1938) is an American businessman.  Formerly, he was Chairman and CEO of Northrop Grumman, as well as Chairman of General Motors and has worked with the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA), the Lincoln Laboratory at M.I.T, Avery Dennison, the Fluor Corporation, and the MannKind Corporation.  Before being appointed as interim chairman of General Motors as a result the decisions made by President Barack Obama, Kresa served on the board."@en .corpus240.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_Academy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama Academy is a small alternative middle school in Oakland, California. It is part of the Oakland Unified School District. It became notable as the first middle school in the United States to be officially named or renamed after U.S. President Barack Obama in March 2009. The middle school, which opened in 2007, was formerly known as the \"Alternative Learning Community\". As of 2011 it has 24 students, most of whom are low income African Americans. The name change was prompted by the school's students."@en .corpus240.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Muñoz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jorge Muñoz Zapata (born 23 March 1964) is the founder of the non-profit An Angel in Queens Foundation, an organization that delivers free home-cooked meals in Queens, New York. Back in 2009, he estimated having served more than 70,000 meals to hungry people since 2004.Muñoz was awarded as one of the CNN Heroes in 2009 due to his philiantropic labour. On August 4, 2010, Muñoz was presented with the Presidential Citizens Medal by President Barack Obama, the second highest civilian honor in the United States. Moreover, Muñoz was presented the Order of the Congress of Colombia in the Degree of Knight by the Senate of Colombia."@en .corpus240.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_B._Montgomery> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edward B. Montgomery (born July 3, 1955) is an American economist, academic, and politician.  As of April 2009, he is a member of the Presidential Task Force on the Auto Industry and Director of Recovery for Auto Communities and Workers in the Barack Obama administration.On August 15, 2010, Montgomery became the Dean of the Georgetown Public Policy Institute at Georgetown University.Montgomery graduated from Taylor Allderdice High School in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1973 and was inducted into their alumni hall of fame in 2010. He earned his bachelor's degree magna cum laude from Pennsylvania State University in 1976 and his master's and doctoral degrees in economics from Harvard University in 1980 and 1982, respectively.  His doctoral dissertation was titled \"Tests of Alternative Hypotheses on the Decline in the Personal Saving Rate\".From 1981 to 1990, Montgomery served as an assistant/associate professor in the Department of Economics at Michigan State University.  In 1990, he was appointed at the rank of associate professor in the Department of Economics at the University of Maryland, College Park, where he became a full professor in 1992.  From 1997 to 1999 Montgomery served as chief economist of the United States Department of Labor in the administration of President Bill Clinton.  From 2000 to 2001, he served as Deputy Secretary of Labor, the second highest position in that department.  From 2003 to 2009, he served as dean of the College of Behavioral and Social Sciences at the University of Maryland, College Park.In late 2008, after the election of Barack Obama as President of the United States, Montgomery led the presidential transition team concerned with the Department of Labor.  In February 2009, he was named by Obama to the Presidential Task Force on the Auto Industry.  On March 30, 2009, Obama appointed Montgomery as Director of Recovery for Auto Communities and Workers.  This position oversees the health of the struggling United States automobile industry as a result of the Automotive industry crisis of 2008–2009.Montgomery married in 1994 and has three children."@en .corpus240.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celeste_A._Wallander> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Celeste Ann Wallander (born 1961) is an American international relations authority with a focus on Russia. Wallander is currently Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Russia and Eurasia on the National Security Council.  According to the Department of Defense, Wallander is an expert on Russian and Eurasian foreign and security policy and served from May 2009 - July 2012 as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia/Ukraine/Eurasia at the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy*. Wallander was an adviser to Barack Obama during the 2008 Democratic primary campaign."@en .corpus241.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_family_(historical)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Logan family is a group of Americans descended from Warren Logan and his wife  Adella Hunt Logan.He was born into slavery in Virginia in 1857, and described in 1877 as a Tuskegee Normal School teacher in a party who tried unsuccessfully to exercise their first-class train tickets between Montgomery and Selma, Alabama He became the first treasurer of Tuskegee Institute in 1882, and is described as the closest confidante of institute's head, Booker T. Washington. His granddaughter, Adele, describes her memories of knowing him, apparently in his 80s around 1940.His wife was born Adella Hunt May 5, 1863 in Sparta, Georgia, graduated from Atlanta University in 1881 with some financial help from her white farmer father, became a teacher at Tuskegee in 1883, and succeeded Olivia A. Davidson as Lady Principal when, in 1885, Davidson married Washington. Hunt and Logan were married in 1888. She is remembered for her essay, published in 1902 and titled  What Are the Causes of the Great Mortality Among the Negroes of the Cities of the South, and How Is That Mortality to Be Lessened?In 1915, she was hospitalized for depression, returned to the institute in response to news of Washington's illness (of which he died on November 14), and killed herself by jumping from one of the school buildings' top floor on December 12.Warren and Adella had had nine children; six survived into adulthood.  The youngest of these was Arthur C. Logan (c. 1905 -1973). He became a surgeon, personal physician to Duke Ellington from 1937 on, and to Billy Strayhorn. He was the one most specifically honored by Strayhorn's composition \"U.M.M.G. (Upper Manhattan Medical Group)\", among the founders and partners of the ground-breaking clinic the tune was named for.  Marian Bruce (1919- November 25, 1993), who became the wife of Arthur, was a cabaret singer and recording artist, then NAACP activist, Board member of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), Democratic campaign worker, and head of the New York City Commission on Human Rights in 1977-'79. (She appears and speaks in the American Experience 1991 documentary film Duke Ellington: Reminiscing in Tempo) Arthur and Marian had one child, a son, Warren Arthur (born 1963).  Adele Logan Alexander is the daughter of Arthur Logan and Wenonah Bond Logan, his wife in a previous marriage. Adele Logan is as of 2003 an associate professor of history at George Washington University. She is married to Clifford Alexander, Jr. (born 1933), whose distinctions include being the first African-American Secretary of the Army. Their daughter is Elizabeth Alexander (born 1962), Yale literature and gender-studies professor, and poet, who read from her own work at the inauguration of Barack Obama in 2009.   Warren Arthur Logan married, in 1991, the former Julie Lizabeth Wagman; at that time, he was employed as an insurance investigator, and was a partner in a company importing African art works.↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ 6.0 6.1 ↑ ↑ 8.0 8.1"@en .corpus241.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Patricia_Smith> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "M. Patricia Smith (born circa 1952) is the Solicitor of the United States Department of Labor, the department's chief law interpreter-enforcer and third-ranking official.  She was nominated by President Barack Obama to be the Solicitor of Labor on April 20, 2009.  She was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on February 4, 2010, assumed her duties on March 1, 2010, and had her swearing-in ceremony on April 23, 2010.  As Solicitor of Labor, Smith oversees over 450 attorneys across the country and more than 180 Federal labor laws and implementing regulations that cover about 125 million workers. As of January 16, 2014 she has been acting United States Deputy Secretary of Labor. Her successor, as Deputy Secretary of Labor Christopher P. Lu was confirmed on April 1, 2014.Smith previously was the New York State Commissioner of Labor.  She was appointed in 2007 by Governor Eliot Spitzer and continued in the administration of Governor David Paterson.  As New York State's Commissioner of Labor, Smith managed a staff of nearly 4,000 employees and a budget of $11 billion.  She was also in charge of the New York State's Misclassification task force and Co-Chair of the Governors Economic Security Sub Cabinet."@en .corpus241.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Office_of_Public_Engagement_and_Intergovernmental_Affairs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Office of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs is a unit of the White House Office within the Executive Office of the President of the United States. It was formerly known as the Office of Public Liaison and Intergovernmental Affairs.Under President Barack Obama, senior advisor Valerie Jarrett oversees the Office of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs, with Yohannes Abraham serving as her Chief of Staff and Special Assistant to the President, directly overseeing the directors and staff of the Office of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs."@en .corpus241.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punahou_Circle_apartments> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Punahou Circle apartments is a 12-story apartment building at 1617 S. Beretania Street in the Makiki neighborhood of Honolulu, Hawaii.  The building was one of the childhood homes of Barack Obama, who is currently the President of the United States.  Obama lived in the building from 1971 to 1979 when he graduated high school.  It was built in 1965.  The building is being considered for landmark status. Obama's maternal grandmother lived in the family apartment until her death in 2008."@en .corpus241.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009_G-20_Pittsburgh_summit> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2009 G-20 Pittsburgh Summit was the third meeting of the G-20 heads of state in discussion of financial markets and the world economy.The G-20 is the premier forum for discussing, planning and monitoring international economic cooperation.The summit was held at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States on September 24–25, 2009. Announced shortly after the April 2009 G-20 London summit, U.S. President Barack Obama volunteered to host this summit, initially planning to hold it in New York City and coordinating it with the opening of the United Nations General Assembly. However, due to coordination issues, on May 28, 2009, the Obama Administration announced a change of venue to Pittsburgh in order to highlight the city's economic recovery following the collapse of its manufacturing sector in the latter half of the 20th century. In response to the Global credit crisis, a G20 summit in one year was proposed shortly after the London summit in April 2009. Amongst the issues discussed was a proposal to radically reform the International Monetary Fund (IMF). French President Nicolas Sarkozy also suggested that there would be an evaluation of measures already taken.The primary venue of the summit was the David L. Lawrence Convention Center, which was at one point the largest Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design certified building in the world. A working dinner for world leaders was held at the Phipps Conservatory & Botanical Gardens, chosen to highlight its environmentally friendly features including an earth-sheltered welcome center and a Tropical Forest Conservatory described as the world’s most energy efficient. Other venues used around the city include The Andy Warhol Museum, the Pittsburgh High School for the Creative and Performing Arts and Rosemont, the working farm of Teresa Heinz Kerry."@en .corpus241.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Fischer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charlie Fischer (born March 21, 1950) was the president and chief executive officer of Calgary-based  Nexen Inc until December 2008. He currently heads a U.S.-Canada working group on clean energy within the Clean Energy Dialogue, formed during a summit between Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus241.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Smolenyak> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Megan Smolenyak Smolenyak (she is a double Smolenyak), born October 9, is a genealogist, author, speaker, and on-air expert.  Since 1999, she has been a consultant with the U.S. Army's repatriation efforts  and has located the families of over a thousand soldiers still unaccounted for from WWI, WWII, Korea and Vietnam. As a genealogist, she is best known for unearthing celebrity roots, conducting forensic research for coroners, police departments, NCIS and the FBI, and championing the use of DNA testing to learn about one’s ancestry. Her news-making discoveries include uncovering Michelle Obama's family tree, revealing the true story of Annie Moore, the first immigrant through Ellis Island, tracing Barack Obama's roots to Moneygall, Ireland, and discovering that Al Sharpton’s great-grandfather had been owned by relatives of Strom Thurmond. Formerly Chief Family Historian for Ancestry.com, she also founded Unclaimed Persons.Smolenyak holds a BSFS in Foreign Service from Georgetown University, an MBA in International Business from George Washington University and an MAS in Information Technology from Johns Hopkins University."@en .corpus242.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_P._Crawford> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Susan P. Crawford (born 1963) is a professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law. She has served as President Barack Obama's Special Assistant for Science, Technology, and Innovation Policy (2009) and is a columnist for Bloomberg View.  She is a former Board Member of ICANN, the founder of OneWebDay, and a legal scholar. Her research focuses on telecommunications and information law."@en .corpus242.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_(dog)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bo Obama (born October 9, 2008) is a pet dog of the Obama family, the First Family of the United States. Bo is a neutered male Portuguese Water Dog. President Barack Obama and his family were given the dog as a gift after months of speculation about the breed and identity of their future pet. The final choice was made in part because Malia Obama's allergies dictated a need for a hypoallergenic breed.  Bo has occasionally been called \"First Dog\" . In August 2013 Bo was joined by Sunny, a female dog of the same breed."@en .corpus242.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Freelon> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Philip Freelon (born March 26, 1952), a native of Philadelphia, USA is an African American architect. He is best known as leading the design team (with J. Max Bond, Jr. of Davis Brody Bond and David Adjaye) of the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. Some of his other projects include the Center for Civil & Human Rights, the Reginald F. Lewis Museum of African American History and Culture and the Museum of the African Diaspora. Freelon is a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects (and the recipient of their Thomas Jefferson Award for Public Architecture), and a LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Accredited Professional. In 2012, President Barack Obama appointed Freelon to the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts.  Freelon is married to six-time Grammy nominated jazz vocalist, Nnenna Freelon."@en .corpus242.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caloplaca_obamae> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Caloplaca obamae is a species of lichen in the fungus genus Caloplaca. It is the first species to be named in honor of United States President Barack Obama. C. obamae was discovered in 2007 by Kerry Knudsen on Santa Rosa Island in California and published in March 2009. Knudsen states that he chose to honor Obama for \"his support of science and scientific education\" and wrote the manuscript for publication of the species in the time between Obama's election and his inauguration."@en .corpus242.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/PolicyArchive> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "PolicyArchive is a digital archive of global, non-partisan public policy research maintained by the Center for Governmental Studies and the Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI) University Library.The website bundled policy recommendations for President Barack Obama from more than 20 think tanks in November 2008 and also launched its online collection of presidential transition papers called \"Presidential Advisory '08\" as a resource for the public."@en .corpus242.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aneesh_Chopra> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Aneesh Paul Chopra (born July 13, 1972) served as the first Chief Technology Officer of the United States (CTO), appointed by President Barack Obama. Chopra previously served as Virginia’s fourth Secretary of Technology. Chopra was a candidate in 2013 for the Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor of Virginia. He recently started a new company called Hunch Analytics."@en .corpus242.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Technology_Officer_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Chief Technology Officer of the United States (CTO), formally known as the Assistant to the President, Associate Director for the Office of Science and Technology Policy is a position created within the Office of Science and Technology Policy by President Barack Obama. The CTO will be using applied technology to help create jobs, reduce the costs of health care and help keep the nation secure. He or she is also tasked with increasing Americans' access to broadband."@en .corpus243.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Graham-Felsen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Samuel Graham-Felsen is an American blogger and journalist who was the blog director of the presidential campaign of Barack Obama in 2008."@en .corpus243.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Stanek> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jill Stanek (born 1956) is an American pro-life activist and nurse  from Illinois best known for saying \"live birth abortions\" were being performed at Christ Hospital in the Chicago suburb of Oak Lawn and the premature infants were being left to die in a utility room. More recently, she has accused President Barack Obama of supporting infanticide while a member of the Illinois State Senate, referring to Obama's opposition to Born Alive Infants Protection legislation.The Christian magazine World named Stanek one of the 30 most prominent pro-life leaders during the thirty years following Roe v. Wade.  Since 2003, Stanek has been a regular columnist for WorldNetDaily.  Stanek also has her own blog, at  JillStanek.com.Stanek testified twice before the Judiciary Constitution Subcommittee of the U.S. House of Representatives, and in several state legislatures. She is also a frequent speaker at state and local pro-life events.Stanek ran for the Republican nomination for the Illinois House of Representatives in 2002, on a pro-life platform, but was defeated.As of 2009, she lives in Mokena, Illinois."@en .corpus243.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Zients> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeffrey \"Jeff\" D. Zients (born November 12, 1966) is an American chief executive officer, management consultant and entrepreneur. Since late February 2014, he has served as Director of the United States National Economic Council and President Obama's Economic Advisor.  Zients has served as the acting director of the Office of Management and Budget, a position he held until April 24, 2013. On September 13, 2013, it was announced that Zients would replace Gene Sperling as Director of the National Economic Council.Zients' assumption of the role of Director of the National Economic Council was delayed by his acceptance of an assignment from President Barack Obama to fix the problems of HealthCare.gov. Zients is widely credited with salvaging HealthCare.gov, and has come to be referred to as \"Mr. Fix-It\" within the Obama Administration."@en .corpus243.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Verrilli_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Donald Beaton Verrilli Jr. (born June 29, 1957) is an American lawyer who serves as the current Solicitor General of the United States. He was sworn into the post on June 9, 2011. On June 6, 2011, the United States Senate confirmed Verrilli in a 72–16 vote. President Barack Obama had nominated Verrilli to the post on January 26, 2011. Verrilli previously served in the Obama administration as the Associate Deputy United States Attorney General, and as Deputy Counsel to the President."@en .corpus243.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Kauffman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Casey Kauffman is an American journalist who works for Al Jazeera English, the first English-language news channel headquartered in the Middle East.In October 2008, Kauffman’s report about a rally in St. Clairesville, Ohio by supporters of Sarah Palin, Republican Party's vice-presidential candidate in the 2008 United States presidential election, created a controversy. In the rally, Palin’s supporters made racist comments about Barack Obama, Democratic Party’s presidential candidate, including the fear that Barack Obama is an anti-white Muslim terrorist. The story garnered massive attention. It had gone viral on the web and had been the source of a few editorials.Colbert I. King, a columnist at the Washington Post, criticized the report and wrote a piece titled “A Rage No One Should Be Stoking”. In the article he said that “it is no accident that the English-language operation of Al-Jazeera, the Arab-language news network, tried to capture and broadcast to the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere a glimpse of America’s more sinister side... Was this fodder served up by Al-Jazeera to feed anti-American sentiment overseas? To be sure. But the camera didn’t lie. Did Al-Jazeera, however, record the whole truth?” Tony Burman, the managing director of Al Jazeera English, denied that Kauffman's report was anti-American and responded in a letter to the Washington Post that Al Jazeera’s international news channels, both English and Arabic, have devoted “more air time to covering this campaign than perhaps any other network” and that the overarching story that America seemed poised to elect its first black president “reflects exceptionally well on Americans and its democracy”."@en .corpus243.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bergevin_Brothers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Bergevin Brothers are an American Seattle based band.  Founded by brothers Joe & Jon Bergevin, the band promotes political and other causes through their music.  They are most famous for their song \"Fired Up, And Ready to Go\" that was inspired by United States President Barack Obama's inauguration.  The band is currently signed to their own record label Bergevin Brothers Music.The Bergevin Brothers have also created a musical piece for the  film \"Barack Obama: Who is this Guy?\" The film was released by Veridicus Films in October 2008.  Other projects have included raising money for Hurricane Katrina victims and the Seattle Artists Foundation. Their music will also be featured in the documentary \"Barack Obama: The Man and his Journey\"."@en .corpus243.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credit_CARD_Act_of_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 or Credit CARD Act of 2009 is a federal statute passed by the United States Congress and signed by President Barack Obama on May 22, 2009. It is comprehensive credit card reform legislation that aims \"...to establish fair and transparent practices relating to the extension of credit under an open end consumer credit plan, and for other purposes.\" The bill was passed with bipartisan support by both the House of Representatives and the Senate."@en .corpus243.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felipe_Solís_Olguín> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Felipe R. Solís Olguín (18 December 1944 – 23 April 2009) was a Mexican archaeologist, anthropologist, and historian as well as curator and Director of the National Anthropology Museum from 2000 until his death on April 23, 2009. Solís became a professor at the Postgraduate Mesoamerican Studies program at the Philosophy and Literature Faculty of the National Autonomous University of Mexico in 1997 and served on Academic Council of the program from 1998. He also taught at the National School of Professional Studies in Acatlan and at the National School of Anthropology and History and the National School of Restoration, Conservation and Museography. Solís was a guest lecturer at the Universidad de Extremadura in Spain and at the Universidad de Rancagua in Chile.Initial reports of his death by some media outlets speculated that Solís Olguín had possibly been a victim of swine flu. However authorities revealed that the cause of death was complications from a pre-existing cardiac condition, unrelated to swine flu.  He had escorted U.S. President Barack Obama on a tour of the museum a week before his death."@en .corpus244.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Badlands_Wilderness> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Oregon Badlands Wilderness is a 29,301-acre (11,858 ha) wilderness area located east of Bend in Deschutes and Crook counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. The wilderness is managed by the Bureau of Land Management as part of the National Landscape Conservation System and was created by the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama on 30 March 2009.The area is known for igneous castle-like rock formations, harsh terrain, ancient Juniper trees, sagebrush, and extensive arid land.  Desert wildflowers, dry river canyons, and Native American pictographs can be found.The blind iditarod racer Rachel Scdoris trained in the area, and the wilderness is home to the western terminus of the Oregon Desert Trail."@en .corpus244.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Basin_Wilderness> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Spring Basin Wilderness is a 6,382-acre (2,583 ha) wilderness area located near the town of Clarno in the U.S. state of Oregon.  It was created by the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 30, 2009.Bordered by the Wild and Scenic John Day River, the wilderness comprises rugged cliffs, remote canyons and colorful geologic features.  Common wildlife species in the area include mule deer, golden eagle, prairie falcon, bobcat, California quail, mountain bluebird, and meadowlark."@en .corpus244.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_One_photo_op_incident> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Air Force One photo op incident occurred on the morning of April 27, 2009, when a Boeing VC-25 (a Boeing 747 military variant used as Air Force One when the president is aboard), followed by a U.S. Air Force F-16 jet fighter, flew low and circled the Upper New York Bay, site of the Statue of Liberty National Monument. President Barack Obama was not on board the aircraft during the incident.  Although the planes were engaged in a photo op and training exercise, the citizens of New York and New Jersey had not been informed in advance, and some thought it could be the makings of a terrorist attack similar to the September 11 attacks. Some people ran out of buildings and panicked in the streets. Some buildings ordered evacuations."@en .corpus244.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPRO> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "MIPRO  Electronics Co. Ltd. (Traditional Chinese: 嘉強電子), established in 1995, is an ISO-9001 certified Taiwan-based company that designs and manufactures wireless microphones, portable wireless public address (PA) and other wireless audio equipment for consumer, professional and commercial applications. U.S. President Barack Obama used a MIPRO wireless microphone system during his election campaign in 2008.In 2001, MIPRO developed and patented an Automatic Channel Targeting (ACT) technology. \"ACT\" provides automatic synchronization of receiver and transmitter frequencies, commonly known as \"sync\". The ACT function is an intelligent wireless system channel set-up feature. Gary Kayye, CTS, founder of Kayye Consulting and rAVe Publications stated MIPRO as one of My Top 6 New Companies to Watch -- From InfoComm 2008MIPRO MA-909 wireless system was nominated for Outstanding Technical Achievement in Wireless Technology in the 2006 TEC Awards.MIPRO ACT-82 wireless system was nominated for Outstanding Technical Achievement in Wireless Technology in the 2007 TEC Awards.MIPRO ACT-51 wireless system was nominated for Outstanding Technical Achievement in Wireless Technology in the 2008 TEC Awards.MIPRO ACT-727 wireless system was nominated for Outstanding Technical Achievement in Wireless Technology in the 2009 TEC Awards."@en .corpus244.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_Is_Now:_Renewing_America's_Promise> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Change is Now: Renewing America's Promise is a compilation album released on April 28, 2009 through Hidden Beach Recordings in conjunction with the Presidential Inaugural Committee.The album includes previously released tracks from Wilco, Stevie Wonder, Death Cab for Cutie, and Common. An accompanying DVD features eight speeches by Barack Obama, starting with the campaign announcement in Springfield, Illinois and ending with the election night victory speech in Chicago. The album sold retail online and at inaugural events in Washington."@en .corpus244.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testicle_Festival> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A Testicle Festival is an event held at several small towns in which the featured activity is the consumption of animal testicles, usually battered and fried. The oldest such festival takes place in Byron, Illinois, and features turkey testicles. Similar festivals are held in Deerfield, Michigan; Olean, Missouri; Oakdale, California; Huntley, Illinois; and Clinton, Montana, some of which feature cattle testicles. The three-day Testicle Festival in Fargo, North Dakota was the site of a 2001 riot, leading to seven arrests.The Montana State Society has held an annual 'Rocky Mountain Oyster Festival' in Arlington, Virginia since 2005.Every year in September the villages of Ozrem and Lunjevica in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia, hosts the World Testicle Cooking Championship.  The festival serves up a variety of testicles, including wildlife. It also gives awards for \"ballsy\" news makers. U.S. President Barack Obama and pilot Chesley Sullenberger won awards in 2010."@en .corpus245.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbas_Zaki> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Abbas Zaki (Arabic: عباس زكي‎) is the former representative of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) in Lebanon and a member of Fatah's central committee.On March 23, 2009, Zaki escaped an alleged assassination attempt outside Mieh Mieh near Sidon, which killed his deputy Kamal Naji and three other Palestinian officials. As a result of the conflict in the Nahr al-Bared Camp in Lebanon, Zaki proposed setting up a Palestinian security force of 4,000 to 5,000 members in the refugee camps in Lebanon to prevent the formation of extremist groups.Zaki described Fatah al-Islam as \"an ignorant group, hiding themselves behind Islam, and practicing the most ugly crimes against women and children in the camp of Nahr al Barid.\" In May 2009, Zaki suggested that if unity talks between Hamas and Fatah in Cairo fail, Abbas should form a new government that will lay out a new approach to Hamas.Ahead of Fatah's sixth conference on August 4, 2009, Zaki stated \"I'm sorry to compare, but the Israelis elected Lieberman and appointed him as Foreign Minister, and a similar mistake was made by the Palestinian people in electing Hamas, which is setting up all the obstacles preventing the improvement of the national unity.\"In response to United States president Barack Obama's U.N. Speech on Palestinian Statehood on September 23, 2011, Zaki called Obama and Benjamin Netanyahu \"trash\", and said \"The greater goal cannot be accomplished in one go.... If Israel withdraws from Jerusalem, evacuates the 650,000 settlers, and dismantles the wall – what will become of Israel? It will come to an end.\"In a statement which aired on the official Palestinian Authority TV channel on March 12, 2014 (as translated by MEMRI), Zaki stated \"Those Israelis have no religion and no principles. They are nothing but advanced tools for evil. They talk about the Holocaust and so on. So why are they doing this to us? Therefore, in my view, Allah will gather them so that we can kill them. Every killer is bound to be killed. There is no other option.\""@en .corpus245.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Beginning> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"A New Beginning\" is the name of a speech delivered by United States President Barack Obama on 4 June 2009, from the Major Reception Hall at Cairo University in Egypt.  Al-Azhar University co-hosted the event.  The speech honors a promise Obama made during his presidential campaign to give a major address to Muslims from a Muslim capital during his first few months as president.White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs indicated that Egypt was chosen because \"it is a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world.\"  Egypt is considered a key player in the Middle East peace process as well as a major recipient of American military and economic aid. Reuters reporter Ross Colvin reported that the speech would attempt to mend the United States' relations with the Muslim world, which he wrote were \"severely damaged\" during the presidency of George W. Bush."@en .corpus245.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_R._Verkuil> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul Robert Verkuil (born December 4, 1939) is an attorney, former dean of the Tulane University Law School, former president of the College of William and Mary, and former dean of Cardozo School of Law.  He has also served as the CEO of the American Automobile Association from 1992 to 1995. He is currently on the faculty of the Cardozo School of Law.Verkuil received his A.B. at the College of William and Mary and his J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law. He also earned an M.A. from the New School for Social Research, and an LL.M. and J.S.D. from New York University School of Law.Verkuil served as William and Mary President from July 1, 1985 until his resignation, effective January 7, 1992.Professor Verkuil is coauthor of Administrative Law and Process (5th ed. 2009) and Regulation and Deregulation (2nd ed. 2004) and Outsourcing Sovereignty: How Privatization of Government Functions Threatens Democracy And What We Can Do About It (Cambridge University Press, 2007). He has been the editor of the Virginia Law Review,  and the recipient of the NYU Founders Day Award for \"Consistent evidence of outstanding scholarship.\"From August 2008 to August 2009, Verkuil was acting dean of the University of Miami School of Law.In 2009, Verkuil was nominated by President Barack Obama to be head of the Administrative Conference of the United States.  The Senate confirmed his nomination on March 3, 2010.  From 1994-97 he served as special master for the U.S. Supreme Court in the original jurisdiction case of New Jersey v. New York, 523 U.S. 767 (1998), and as a member of the White House Council on Small Business.He is married to Judith Rodin, President of the Rockefeller Foundation."@en .corpus245.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_Party_movement> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Tea Party movement is an American political movement known for its conservative positions and its role in the Republican Party (\"GOP\").  It demands a reduction in the U.S. national debt and federal budget deficit by reducing government spending and taxes. The movement has been described as a mix of libertarian, populist, and conservative activists. It has sponsored multiple protests and supported various political candidates since 2009.  It was successful in 2010, when the Republicans made major gains.  It failed to defeat President Barack Obama's reelection in 2012. In 2013 it had escalating conflicts with the big business wing of the GOP, which began organizing to fight back.  In the 2014 GOP primaries, the Tea Party's highest profile victory was the defeat of Eric Cantor, the #2 House leader who was attacked for being too close to Wall Street.  The most serious defeat for the Tea Party came in Mississippi, where it failed in a bitter challenge to the renomination of Senator Thad Cochran. Commentators saw a \"civil war\" underway inside the GOP between Tea Party elements and the business-oriented establishment.  CQ's Chuck McCutcheon says the fight is \"whether the GOP should run candidates who are ideologically devoted to a strict limited-government agenda (the tea party's belief) or those with the broadest possible political appeal in their states and districts (the establishment's).\"Demonstrators at the U.S. Capitol celebrated the movement's five-year anniversary in February 2014. Various polls have found that slightly over 10% of Americans identify as a member.The name refers to the Boston Tea Party of December 16, 1773. Anti-tax protesters in the United States have cited the original Boston Tea Party as their inspiration. References to the Boston Tea Party were part of Tax Day protests held in the 1990s and before.The origins of the current Tea Party movement can be traced back to circa 2007. The movement's beginnings were kick-started by Republican Congressman Dr. Ron Paul in 2007. His GOP presidential campaign received a 24 hour, record breaking, money bomb on December 16, 2007; which is the 234th anniversary of the Boston Tea Party. This event directly contributed to creating a libertarian revival and divide in the Republican Party. Ron Paul continues to be a prominent force in the Tea Party movement, such as endorsing Tea party candidates, and also giving talks and speeches alongside prominent Tea party activist, and 2008 Vice Presidential candidate, Sarah Palin. Palin had at times disagreed with Paul on foreign policy, but eventually changed her views on foreign policy and interventionism because of Paul's inspiration and stance on limited government. In 2012 she defended him against critics by saying, \"[Paul's] the only one doing something about reining in government growth.\" Paul had a direct effect on changing other prominent Republicans' beliefs on the Federal Reserve. Rick Perry, Mitt Romney, Sarah Palin and many others changed their views about the Federal Reserve after hearing Paul's opinions on the matter.By late 2014, according to the New York Times, the movement had narrowed its focus away from economic issues, spending and Obamacare to Obama's immigration policies:What started five years ago as a groundswell of conservatives committed to curtailing the reach of the federal government, cutting the deficit and countering the Wall Street wing of the Republican Party has become a movement largely against immigration overhaul. The politicians, intellectual leaders and activists who consider themselves part of the Tea Party have redirected their energy from fiscal austerity and small government to stopping any changes that would legitimize people who are here illegally, either through granting them citizenship or legal status.↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus245.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonzi_Thornton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Fonzi Thornton is an American singer, song writer/producer, stage performer and radio personality.Thornton has provided background vocals on albums by artists which include Aretha Franklin, Luther Vandross, Diana Ross, Garth Brooks, Chic, Ray Charles, Bruce Springsteen, Sheena Easton, Mariah Carey, David Bowie, Michael Jackson, Robert Palmer, Air Supply, Natalie Cole, The B-52's, R. Kelly, Leona Lewis, Shawn Colvin, Scritti Politti, Al Jarreau, Celine Dion, Roxy Music, Bryan Ferry, Patti Labelle, Jewel, Bette Midler, Bob James, Candi Staton, Donald Fagen, Carly Simon, Change, Michael Bolton, Jody Watley, Debbie Harry, BB and Q band, Joe Cocker, Jimmie Vaughan, The System, Vanessa Williams, and Will Downing.In 2008, Thornton joined the musical entourage of 20 time Grammy winning Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, as backing vocalist and vocal contractor and continues to tour with her.  In March 2014, Thornton appeared with Aretha at the White House before President and Mrs. Obama in a PBS special \"Women of Soul\".In 2008 alone, Thornton sang with Aretha on tour, TV and her first-time Christmas album, with  Pearl Jam at New York City’s Madison Square Garden and Beacon Theatre, and with Phoebe Snow in concert, on her live album and TV. On CBS’ 2008 Fashion Rocks, in addition to accompanying Mary J. Blige and Kid Rock then Beyoncé and Justin Timberlake, Thornton sang a step-out on “Papa Was a Rollin’ Stone” during the Motown tribute.In 2009, Thornton performed at We Are One, the pre-inaugural concert on the steps of Washington’s Lincoln Memorial with Mary J. Blige, Garth Brooks and James Taylor and provided off camera backing vocals for Aretha’s \"My Country Tis of Thee\" at the inauguration of President Barack Obama.  In May 2012, Thornton sang at President Obama's White House presentation of the Gershwin Prize to Burt Bachrach and Hal David accompanying Stevie Wonder, Sheryl Crowe, Lyle Lovett and Diana Krall.  In October 2012, he performed at One World Concert for the Dalai Lama in Syracuse, NY with Philip Phillips, Roberta Flack, Natasha Bedingfield, David Crosby, Engelbert Humperdinck and Bebe Winans and had a private audience with the Dalai Lama along with Whoopi Goldberg and others.From 2004 to 2008, Thornton was a weekend disc jockey on Sirius Satellite Radio at 51 Heart and Soul playing modern and classic R&B and sharing behind the scenes experiences."@en .corpus246.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Freyd> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jennifer J. Freyd (born October 16, 1957, in Providence, Rhode Island) is an American psychologist, Professor of Psychology at the University of Oregon, and editor of the Journal of Trauma & Dissociation. Freyd is known for her theories of dynamic mental representations and shareability and her discovery of the phenomenon of representational momentum.  Freyd has published over 150 articles.  She is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association, the American Psychological Society, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.In the last two decades, Freyd has researched and written extensively on sexual abuse and memory, the ethics of research on trauma, and developed the concept of betrayal trauma.  In light of President Barack Obama's initiative to protect students from sexual assault, Freyd's work on institutional betrayal, conducted in collaboration with PhD student Carly P. Smith, has documented that this type of betrayal exacerbates the psychological impact of sexual violence, including increased anxiety, dissociation, and sexual dysfunction. More recent work has pointed to health correlates of institutional betrayal, indicating that institutional betrayal is associated with physical as well as psychological distress, in keeping with Freyd's Betrayal Trauma Theory. Together, Smith and Freyd developed the Institutional Betrayal Questionnaire, now in its second edition, to measure institutional betrayal across a variety of institutional contexts. Their work has been also been applied to judicial settings, to explain the harm that may arise from engaging with legal systems in cases of sexual violence.Freyd's recent writing has focused on campus sexual assault and issues surrounding how colleges and universities handle these events.  The Chronicle of Higher Education has covered the ongoing debate at the University of Oregon and the Association of American Universities (AAU).  Dozens of scientists have criticized the AAU's proposed campus climate survey, with Freyd as a key player in the scientific debate."@en .corpus246.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_S._Wolin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Neal Steven Wolin (born December 9, 1961) is the former Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and was the acting United States Secretary of the Treasury, pending confirmation of Jack Lew, President Obama's nominee to succeed previous secretary Timothy Geithner. On July 22, 2013, the White House announced that Mr. Wolin would resign effective the end of August 2013. The Treasury Department later released its own statement.Wolin was nominated by President Barack Obama in March 2009 and confirmed in May 2009.  Prior to his confirmation as Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, he was Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Counsel to the President for Economic Policy in the Obama White House.  Wolin previously spent eight years serving in the Clinton administration, including as general counsel and deputy general counsel at the Treasury and on the staff of the United States National Security Council."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Susman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Louis B. Susman (born November 19, 1937) is an American lawyer, retired investment banker, and the former United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom.  Nominated by President Barack Obama, he was confirmed by the Senate on July 10, 2009, and sworn in by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Prior to his appointment, Susman was the managing director and vice chairman of Citigroup Corporate and Investment Banking. He practiced law for 27 years and was a senior partner at the St. Louis-based law firm of Thompson & Mitchell, focusing on mergers and acquisitions and general corporate law.  Susman was appointed to the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy by Ronald Reagan in 1988, and served as a director of the Center for National Policy in Washington, D.C. Susman served on the Democratic National Committee from 1972 to 1982. He retired in 2009 as vice chairman of Citigroup Global Markets in Chicago.Susman is a longtime and prolific fundraiser for Democratic Party candidates, including Obama and 2004 presidential nominee John Kerry. According to the Agence France-Presse (AFP), \"US ambassador residences in London and Paris have long been retreats for presidents' wealthy friends. William Farish, a multimillionaire Texan, and Robert Tuttle, a California car dealer - both top financial backers - served as ambassadors to London during the Bush years.He is a graduate of the University of Michigan and earned his law degree from Washington University in St. Louis."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weapon_Systems_Acquisition_Reform_Act_of_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act (formally Weapons Acquisition System Reform Through Enhancing Technical Knowledge and Oversight Act of 2009) was an Act of Congress passed in 2009 that was created to reform the way the Pentagon contracts and purchases major weapons systems. The bill was signed into law on May 22 by President Barack Obama.The Congressional Budget Office predicted that the reforms would cost US$55 million and should be in place by the end of 2010. The reforms are expected to save millions, perhaps even billions of dollars during the 2010s. According to the Government Accountability Office, nearly 70% of the Pentagon's 96 biggest weapons programs were over budget in 2008. Another government report detailed $295 billion in waste and cost overruns in defense contracts. The legislation created a Pentagon office, the Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE), to analyze the cost of new programs.  CAPE reports directly to the Secretary of Defense and supersedes the Office of Program Analysis and Evaluation (PA&E). It also puts more emphasis on testing new weapons before they enter production to ensure sufficient development, giving commanders more say in weapons requirements."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Forsee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Forsee is a Democratic political activist from Nebraska, who served as a presidential elector during 2008 election.A high school biology/anatomy teacher, In 2008, Forsee became the first elector from Nebraska in 44 years (since 1964) to cast a vote for Democratic nominees (Senator Barack Obama from Illinois for President and Senator Joe Biden of Delaware for Vice President).Nebraska split electoral votes (as Maine does) between winners at-large and congressional districts. Republican nominee John McCain won Nebraska at-large and all but one congressional district, but Obama carried Nebraska's 2nd congressional district and thus Forsee became first Nebraska elector in history to legally cast his vote (unlike faithless electors) for another candidate than the rest of his fellow electors.Forsee along with his wife Carol have lived in Bellevue, Nebraska for 35 years."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaport_Hotel_and_Seaport_World_Trade_Center> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Seaport Boston Hotel and the neighboring Seaport World Trade Center is located on the Boston waterfront at 1 Seaport Lane, Boston, MA 02210 on Commonwealth Pier, in the South Boston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.  The South Boston Waterfront is also known unofficially at the Boston Seaport District.Constructed in 1901 as a maritime cargo handling facility, Commonwealth Pier was the largest pier building in the world at the time.  Able to accommodate the largest vessels that entered the port of Boston, this facility was an integral part of city's maritime industry, handling both freight and passenger traffic, with rail and truck transportation access right on the pier.  Commonwealth Pier subsequently underwent two major renovations and continued to host ships through the 1970s, when changes in cargo transport made the Pier obsolete.  In the early 1980s, the Massachusetts Port Authority designated Fidelity Investments and The Drew Company as developers of Commonwealth Pier, which they transformed into the World Trade Center Boston in 1986.The Seaport Boston Hotel opened in 1998. Renovations were completed in 2009 by the New York architects BBG-BBGM. The hotel contains Hypoallergenic rooms, and Forbes Traveler named Seaport one of \"America's Greenest Hotels\" in 2008. The hotel is also a member of the Green Hotels Association, which promotes environmentally safe products to be used in green hotels. The hotel includes:428 Guest Rooms41 Meeting Rooms44,600 sq. ft. Largest Meeting Room180,000 sq. ft. Total Meeting Space394 seat Amphitheater120, 000 sq. ft. Exhibition CenterThe Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection awarded Seaport with the 2008 Waste Wise/Innovation Award. Seaport awarded the Boston Green Business award in 2008 for the Bike Friendly Business program. Seaport received the Boston Green Business Award from the City of Boston In 2007, Seaport Hotel received the Good Earthkeeping Award by the Massachusetts Lodging Association.Notable stays and visits include: President Barack Obama  President Bill Clinton Secretary of State Hillary Clinton President George H. W. Bush President George W. Bush Governor Mitt Romney Chinese Premier Deval Patrick The facility also hosted half of MacWorld Boston along with the Bayside Expo Center.↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ 13.0 13.1 ↑ ↑"@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Hall_(Racine,_Wisconsin)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Memorial Hall is a convention and meeting hall located in downtown Racine, Wisconsin. It is operated by the Racine Civic Center. It was given to the city as a gift by William Horlick, the original patent holder of malted milk. The hall has played host for  Barack Obama, John McCain, and others."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Smoking_Prevention_and_Tobacco_Control_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act, (Pub.L. 111–31, H.R. 1256) is a federal statute in the United States that was signed into law by President Barack Obama on June 22, 2009. The Act gives the Food and Drug Administration the power to regulate the tobacco industry. A signature element of the law imposes new warnings and labels on tobacco packaging and their advertisements, with the goal of discouraging minors and young adults from smoking. The Act also bans flavored cigarettes, places limits on the advertising of tobacco products to minors and requires tobacco companies to seek FDA approval for new tobacco products."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Young_(mayor)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James A. Young is an American politician, who was elected mayor of Philadelphia, Mississippi in May 2009. His election was especially noted as he is the first African-American mayor of the city, which was previously best known for the murder of three civil rights workers by members of the Ku Klux Klan in 1964.Young is a Pentecostal preacher and a former county supervisor who was 53-years old at the time of his election. He defeated Rayburn Waddell, a white, three-term incumbent, by 46 votes in the Democratic primary. As there was no Republican challenger, the winner of the primary automatically became the city's next mayor. He took office on July 3, 2009.Jim Prince, publisher of the local The Neshoba Democrat newspaper, said: \"Philadelphia will always be connected to what happened here in 1964, but the fact that Philadelphia, Mississippi, with its notorious past, could elect a black man as mayor, it might be time to quit picking on Philadelphia, Mississippi.\"Young's campaign staff credited Barack Obama's presidential campaign for increasing registration of black and young voters in Philadelphia.Young and his wife Sheryl have one daughter, Shanda."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Sotomayor_Supreme_Court_nomination> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On May 26, 2009, President Barack Obama announced his selection of Judge Sonia Sotomayor for Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, to replace retiring Justice David Souter. Sotomayor's nomination was formally submitted to the United States Senate on June 1, 2009, when the 111th Congress reconvened after its Memorial Day recess. Sotomayor was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 6, 2009 by a 68–31 vote and was commissioned by President Obama the same day. She was sworn in by Chief Justice John Roberts on August 8, 2009.When nominated, Sotomayor was a sitting judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, to which she had been appointed by Bill Clinton. She had previously served on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, to which she was appointed by George H. W. Bush."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Michaels_(epidemiologist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Michaels is the Assistant Secretary of Labor for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). Nominated by President Barack Obama and unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate, Michaels began serving in the post in December 2009 as OSHA’s 12th Assistant Secretary. In October, 2013, he became the longest serving since the agency began operations in 1971.As Assistant Secretary, Michaels has worked to strengthen the agency's enforcement in high risk industries, improve OSHA's whistleblower protection program, promote common sense worker protection programs and standards, expand compliance assistance provided to small employers, and increase outreach to the vulnerable populations who are at greatest risk for work-related injury and illness. He has also increased OSHA's focus and capabilities in the areas of data analysis and program evaluation.Michaels is an epidemiologist and Professor (on leave) in the Department of Environmental and Occupational Health (EOH) at the George Washington University School of Public Health and Health Services. He previously taught at the Sophie Davis School of Biomedical Education at the City University of New York and at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine.Michaels served as the United States Department of Energy's Assistant Secretary for Environment, Safety and Health from 1998 through January 2001. In this position, he had primary responsibility for protecting the health and safety of workers, the neighboring communities and the environment surrounding the nation's nuclear weapons facilities. Michaels developed the initiative to compensate workers in the nuclear weapons complex who developed cancer or lung disease as a result of exposure to radiation, beryllium and other hazards. That initiative resulted in the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program, which has provided $10 billion in benefits since its inception in 2001.In February 2006, Michaels received the American Association for the Advancement of Science's Scientific Freedom and Responsibility Award. He has also received the American Public Health Association's David P. Rall Award for Advocacy in Public Health, the 2009 John P. McGovern Science and Society Award of Sigma Xi, and the US Department of Energy's Meritorious Service Award.Michaels has written extensively on issues related to the integrity of scientific information that serves as the basis of public health and environmental regulation,   and is the author of Doubt is Their Product: How Industry's Assault on Science Threatens Your Health (Oxford University Press, 2008). His studies and articles have been published in Science, JAMA, Scientific American, the International Journal of Epidemiology, the American Journal of Public Health and other scientific journals.During the early years of the HIV/AIDS epidemic, Michaels developed a widely used mathematical model to estimate the number of children orphaned by the disease.   In addition, while employed at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx, NY, he helped found and directed the Epidemiology Unit at the Montefiore-Rikers Island Health Service, the first such unit at a jail in the United States.Michaels graduated from the City College of New York, and holds a Master in Public Health (MPH) and PhD from Columbia University, in New York City.Michaels is the son of journalist Ruth Gruber."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Steven_Miller> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul Steven Miller (May 4, 1961 – October 19, 2010) was the Henry M. Jackson Professor of Law at the University of Washington School of Law.  He was a Commissioner of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) for almost 10 years, and in 2009 he was chosen to serve as a special assistant to President Barack Obama.  Miller, who had the genetic condition achondroplasia (a type of dwarfism) and was 4 feet 5 inches (135 cm) tall, was known as a leader in the disability rights movement and an expert on anti-discrimination law."@en .corpus247.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Perry> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter Perry was born in Washington, DC on October 31, 1969. He is a peace and social justice activist who has been affiliated with the National Campaign for Nonviolent Resistance and the Washington Peace Center.Perry helped organize one of the protests on the second inauguration of President George W. Bush on January 20, 2005 in Washington DC.On February 9, 2005 Perry and activists David Barrows and Midge Potts protested US torture and the nomination and confirmation hearings of Alberto Gonzalez for United States Attorney General. The demonstration occurred on the steps of The United States Supreme Court. The three were subsequently convicted in DC Superior Court June 30, 2005 for violating Title 40 sec. 6135 of US Code. However, they appealed to DC Superior Court and on January 23, 2007 in that appeal, the Czech Ambassador to The United Nations, Martin Palous, appeared on their behalf.Perry, Barrows, with Mike Ferner, a member of Veterans for Peace, and Malachy Kilbride interrupted the US House Appropriations Committee in March 2006 that was in the process of voting on $67,000,000,000 in military funding for the US war and occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan.Perry continued protesting the Iraq War, and as a resident of Maryland, at that time, he joined other peace activists in early 2007 \"occupying\" the Capitol Hill office of Senator Barbara Mikulski.By 2008 Perry had expanded his activism with the Washington Peace Center to include addressing the apparent rise in anti-gay violence in Washington DC. Due to several violent anti-gay attacks Perry organized with other communities in Washington DC.Perry was a lead organizer of one of the first anti-war protests at the White House during President Barack Obama's administration in October 2009. This action resulted in more than 60 peaceful protesters arrested on the White House sidewalk.On May 21, 2009 Perry, Steve Mihalis, Eve Tetaz, and Ellen Barfield protested the funding of the spreading war and the occupation of Afghanistan. They interrupted Admiral Michael Mullen, Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff as he spoke to US Senate Foreign Relations Committee chair, US Senator John Kerry. The committee was discussing President Barack Obama's counter-terrorism strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Perry stood up and quoted Senator Kerry's own words from Kerry's antiwar protests in which he said \"“How do you ask someone to be the last American soldier to die for a mistake?”As a result of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee protest, Perry and Barfield were sentenced by Judge Lynn Liebovitz in December 2009 after being convicted by a jury. Barfield was sentenced to 25 days in jail, and Perry received a four-day sentence. They were also given lengthy stay-away orders from Capitol Hill. Tetaz was also sentenced to 25 days in jail on January 25, 2010.Perry has recently taken a much less visible role in activism, although he donates to various small progressive organizations."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_America_Bonds> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Build America Bonds are taxable municipal bonds that carry special tax credits and federal subsidies for either the bond issuer or the bondholder. Build America Bonds were created under Section 1531 of Title I of Division B of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act that U.S. President Barack Obama signed into law on February 17, 2009.   The program expired December 31, 2010."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backspacer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Backspacer is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam, released on September 20, 2009. The bandmembers started writing instrumental and demo tracks in 2007, and got together in 2008 to work on an album. It was recorded from February through April 2009 with producer Brendan O'Brien, who had worked on every Pearl Jam album except their 1991 debut Ten and 2006's self-titled record—although this was his first production credit since 1998's Yield. Material was recorded in Henson Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California and O'Brien's own Southern Tracks Recording in Atlanta, Georgia. The music on the album—the shortest of the band's career—features a sound influenced by pop and new wave. The lyrics have a more optimistic look than the ones in the politic-infused predecessors Riot Act and Pearl Jam, something frontman Eddie Vedder attributed to the election of Barack Obama.The band released the album through their own label Monkeywrench Records with worldwide distribution by Universal Music Group via a licensing agreement with Island Records. Physical copies of the record were sold through Target in North America, and promotion included a deal with Verizon, a world tour, and moderately successful singles \"The Fixer\" and \"Got Some\"/\"Just Breathe\". Reviews for Backspacer were positive, praising the sound and composition, and the album became Pearl Jam's first chart topper at the United States' Billboard 200 since 1996's No Code, while also topping the charts in Canada, Australia and New Zealand."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York's_23rd_congressional_district_special_election,_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2009 special election for New York's 23rd congressional district was held on November 3, 2009, to select the successor to Republican John M. McHugh. McHugh was nominated to become United States Secretary of the Army on June 2, 2009 and resigned as representative of New York's 23rd congressional district on September 21, 2009 after being confirmed by the Senate.The Democratic Party and the Working Families Party nominated businessman and attorney Bill Owens, and the Conservative Party of New York nominated businessman and accountant Doug Hoffman. The Republican Party and Independence Party nominated State Assembly member Dierdre Scozzafava, who withdrew from the race three days before the election and endorsed Owens. On Election Day, Owens defeated Hoffman.The 2009 special election received significant national attention, and was alternately described as \"a referendum on President Barack Obama\" and \"a fight over the identity of the Republican Party.\" The race was also noteworthy due to the Tea Party movement influence on its outcome, and for its impact on same-sex marriage legislation in New York."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Krishnamoorthi> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "S. Raja Krishnamoorthi is a lawyer, engineer, and politician who currently serves as the president of Sivananthan Laboratories in Bolingbrook, Illinois. In March 2012 he sought the Democratic nomination in Illinois's 8th congressional district for the United States House of Representatives, losing to Tammy Duckworth.Previously, Krishnamoorthi was the policy director and a senior advisor for Barack Obama's 2004 U.S. Senate campaign, and also served as an advisor to Obama's 2008 Presidential campaign. He served as Deputy Treasurer of Illinois from 2007-2009 under Illinois Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias, and in 2010 ran for the Democratic nomination for Illinois State Comptroller, losing to David E. Miller by less than 1% of the vote."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S.–China_Strategic_and_Economic_Dialogue> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The U.S.–China Strategic and Economic Dialogue (S&ED) (simplified Chinese: 中美战略与经济对话; traditional Chinese: 中美戰略與經濟對話; pinyin: Zhōng Měi zhànlüè yǔ jīngjì duìhuà) is a high-level dialogue for the United States and China to discuss a wide range of regional and global strategic and economic issues between both countries. The establishment of the S&ED was announced on April 1, 2009 by U.S. President Barack Obama and Chinese President Hu Jintao. The upgraded mechanism replaced the former Senior Dialogue and Strategic Economic Dialogue started under the George W. Bush administration. The format is such that high-level representatives of both countries and their delegations will meet annually at capitals alternating between the two countries.The S&ED has both a \"Strategic Track\" and an \"Economic Track\". U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi co-chair the \"Strategic Track\". U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Jack Lew and Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang co-chair the \"Economic Track\" (as of 2013)."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engagement_(diplomacy)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Engagement is applied in diplomacy as a synonym for a wider range of more specific practices of contact between an international actor and a foreign public, including public diplomacy, communication and the deployment of international aid. It is associated with the approach to foreign policy that some have dubbed smart power.  It was the title of a 2008 anthology of essays on the future of public diplomacy published by the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office.Since January 2009 it has been widely used by the administration of President Barack Obama in the United States.  In May 2009 the Obama administration announced the creation of a unit within the National Security Council responsible for coordinating diplomacy, aid and international communication called the Global Engagement Directive. Variations on 'Engagement' include 'Strategic Public Engagement' which was first seen in June 2009 in a report by the Washington-based Think Tank Center for a New American Security entitled Beyond Bullets: A Pragmatic Strategy to Combat Violent Islamist Extremism.The term engagement is used in both military and marketing contexts and thus has the advantage for the Obama administration of reassuring both these constituencies.  Other terms might imply less neutrality or greater continuity with the approach of previous administration."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebras_(Law_&_Order:_Special_Victims_Unit)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Zebras\" is the twenty-second episode and season finale of the tenth season of the police procedural television series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, and the show's 224th episode overall. It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on June 2, 2009. In the episode, an open-and-shut case against a mentally disturbed murderer, played by Nick Stahl, is blown when a forensics technician makes a technical error. As Elliot and Olivia investigate additional murders believed to be the work of the same killer, they uncover a plot within their own department.The episode was written by Amanda Green and Daniel Truly, and directed by Peter Leto. It was the final appearance of Mike Doyle, who had played forensics technician Ryan O'Halloran since 2003 and appeared on the show more than 50 times; the character was killed by fellow technician Dale Stuckey (Noel Fisher) as part of a surprise twist conceived by executive producer and showrunner Neal Baer. \"Zebras\" also included guest appearances by Kelly Bishop, Judith Light and Carol Kane as Gwen Munch, the conspiracy theorist ex-wife of Detective John Munch; Kane had previously played the same role opposite actor Richard Belzer in a 1997 episode of Homicide: Life on the Street.According to Nielsen ratings, \"Zebras\" was watched by 11.34 million viewers, making it the highest-rated show of the night and the series' most watched episode in more than a year. The episode received higher ratings than Inside the Obama White House, a one-hour special documenting one day in the White House of U.S. President Barack Obama, which aired earlier in the evening on NBC and was seen by 9.1 million viewers."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitetail,_Montana> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Whitetail is a small, unincorporated village in northern Daniels County, Montana, USA.  The area was first used as a camp along a cattle-driving route in the 1880s. The town grew with the arrival of the Soo Line Railroad in 1914. The line was planned for extension all the way to Glacier National Park, but work was stopped during World War I and the line never went any farther than Whitetail. At its peak the town had more than 500 residents, declining to 248 in 1940 and 125 in 1970.  The town's chief industry was the manufacture of silo blowers from 1940, but the plant closed, followed by Whitetail High School in 1940 and the grade school in 1973.The small checkpoint along Montana's border with Canada, which served about three travelers every day, was set to receive $15 million for upgrades under President Barack Obama's economic stimulus plan.  On April 1, 2011, Canada closed its border to northbound traffic through Whitetail.  The US followed suit and closed the southbound crossing on January 25, 2013."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahil_Sa_Iyo> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Dahil Sa Iyo\"  is a song by Mike Velarde, Jr., written in 1938 for the movie, Bituing Marikit and sung by the \"King of the Philippine Movies\" Rogelio de la Rosa. A version with English-Tagalog lyrics, recorded in 1964, was a hit in the United States and continues to be popular in Filipino communities on American soil.One of the most popular examples of the Kundiman genre, this \"classic Filipino love song\" with original Tagalog lyrics has been translated into different languages.Representing an earlier era remembered in nostalgia, it is one of the most popular songs in Tagalog, and a favorite in the Philippines as well as among Filipino communities in Honolulu, on the American West Coast, and in places like Virginia Beach, Virginia. Its popularity in the Philippines is such that some think it ought to replace the current national anthem, and that it should be played as such at a possible future state visit by American president Barack Obama to the Philippines. It has been covered many times and is a standard on the repertoire of many artists performing Filipino romantic and popular music. Dahil Sa Iyo's canonical status as a classic Filipino love song was again confirmed by its inclusion on the 2004 hit compilation album Great Filipino Love Songs.The song is a personal favourite of former First Lady Imelda Marcos, wife of President and strongman Ferdinand Marcos. She would sing it frequently: as a duet with her husband in public gatherings, during her 1992 presidential bid, and performed it as late as July 2000 to wounded soldiers in the Armed Forces of the Philippines Medical Center in Quezon City. In 2008 the song was still associated with her in Manila: \"Suddenly, the heads of Peninsula Hotel lobby guests swiveled. Imelda Marcos had walked in. Without missing a beat, hotel musicians struck up 'Dahil sa Iyo.'\"The song is known in the United States because of the Filipino-English lyrics by Tom Spinosa and Mike Velarde Jr. It was recorded by Cora and Santos Beloy, and released in 1964 by Tri-World Records. The original composer, Miguel Velarde, Jr., said: \"Sometime in 1960 a famous US singer who made a personal appearance in Manila presented me a contract seeking authority to record 'Dahil Sa Iyo' in the States. The five figure offer was fabulous but I turned it down - simply because she wanted to change the title to an American title. I couldn't, and wouldn't sell the identity we are trying hard to establish. The merits of the song is its identity.'\"This song was famously performed by Nat King Cole at the Araneta Coliseum (now SMART Araneta Coliseum) in Quezon City in 1961.This was also sung by Jerry Vale with English title \"Your Love Is Mine\" (Eng. lyrics by Sonny Burke) in his album \"The Language of Love\" on Columbia Records, released 1963."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Schoen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Douglas Schoen is an American political analyst, pollster, author, and commentator. He is a political analyst for Fox News and a columnist for Newsmax. He partnered with political strategist Mark Penn and Michael Berland in the firm of Penn, Schoen & Berland. He believes that lower taxes would be a successful Democratic strategy, opposed President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act, warned the Democratic Party to reject the Occupy Wall Street protest, and recommended that President Obama not run for reelection in 2012.Schoen attended Horace Mann School in New York City. While still a high school student, he canvassed the Upper West Side for Dick Morris. He graduated from Harvard College (magna cum laude) and Harvard Law School    Schoen went to high school with Mark Penn and then worked together with him on The Harvard Crimson.He has worked on the campaigns of many Democratic party candidates including Ed Koch and Bill Clinton, and on behalf of corporate clients. He also did work for Senator Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and following her defeat became associated with the People United Means Action movement of disaffected Clinton supporters who refused to support Barack Obama. Schoen was a consultant for Jeff Greene in the 2010 Florida Senate election."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_presidential_trips_made_by_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of presidential trips made by Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States. As of February 2015, Obama has made 39 international trips to 48 different countries (in addition to visiting Vatican City and the West Bank) since his presidency began with his January 2009 inauguration, in addition to many more trips made domestically within the United States which are not shown on this list."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheberghan_Prison> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Sheberghan Prison is a prison in northern Afghanistan.Following the battle of Qali-Jangi in Mazari Sharif General Dostum sent many of the surviving captives to Sheberghan Prison.He is reported to have sent them in industrial shipping containers.Conditions in the shipping containers are reported to have been extremely crowded, and that many of the captives died in transit.  When the captives complained that they were suffocating General Dostum's troops are reported to have fired directly into the shipping containers, killing some of the men, but providing limited ventilation for the others.In 2009 the BBC News reported that new United States President Barack Obama had committed his administration to look into the claims about atrocities at Sherberghan."@en .corpus248.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_A._McDonald> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert A. \"Bob\" McDonald (born June 20, 1953) is the 8th United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs.  He is the retired Chairman, President, and CEO of Procter & Gamble.On July 29, 2014, the U.S. Senate voted 97-0 to confirm McDonald as President Barack Obama's choice to succeed General Eric Shinseki as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and on July 30, 2014 he was sworn into office."@en .corpus249.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_presidential_candidates,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "During the 2012 United States presidential election, 51 individuals sought the nomination of the Democratic Party. Incumbent President Barack Obama won the nomination unanimously at the 2012 Democratic National Convention and was re-elected as President in the general election.As expected for the incumbent president, Obama won every primary election, but faced more difficulty than projected. Fifteen additional candidates appeared on primary ballots, and of these, four appeared on more than one ballot. Four qualified for convention delegates including: attorney John Wolfe, Jr., prison inmate Keith Russell Judd, perennial candidate Jim Rogers, and pro-life activist Randall Terry. Each of these had their delegates stripped prior to the convention due to technicalities.Thirty-six additional candidates filed with the Federal Election Commission (FEC) to run for President, but either withdrew from the race before the primaries or did not appear on any primary ballots. Several other Democrats were speculated to make a run, but decided against doing so."@en .corpus249.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Czar> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Energy Czar is a nickname, using the political term \"czar\", for the person in the Government of the United States given authority over energy policy within the executive branch. This has never been the official title of any office, but has often been informally used to refer to various officials since 1971. Additionally, officials supervising energy policy at State or other sub-Federal levels have also sometimes been called \"Energy Czars\", for example Richard W. DeKorte was referred to as the \"Energy Czar of New Jersey\".John A. Love, appointed Director of the Office of Energy Policy by President Richard M. Nixon in 1971, was the first to be widely styled as \"Energy Czar\". In December 1973, Nixon replaced the Energy Policy Office with the Federal Energy Office, which in May 1974 became the Federal Energy Administration.  Heads of these posts (Love was followed by William E. Simon, then John Sawhill) continued to be styled \"Energy Czars\" through the Nixon administration, as well as under his successor Gerald Ford  who appointed Frank Zarb to head of the FEA.In 1977, the United States Department of Energy was created by the Jimmy Carter administration. It combined the roles of the  Federal Energy Administration with the Energy Research and Development Administration, and raised the head of the department to a Cabinet-level position. The United States Secretary of Energy (the first being James R. Schlesinger) took over the role of previous \"Energy Czars\". The position became more commonly referred to simply as the \"Secretary of Energy\" and the nickname \"Energy Czar\" fell out of use.In December 2008, President-elect Barack Obama named Carol Browner to the position of Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change. After Obama took office, Browner was appointed director of the White House Office of Energy and Climate Change Policy. The nickname \"Energy Czar\" was revived to sometimes describe Browner's position.  However, once she left the administration in 2011, the term fell into disuse again at the federal level.  It continues to sometimes be used at the state level."@en .corpus249.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Singletary_Dunham> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jonathan Dunham (January 17, 1640 – September 6, 1724), known in his early life as Jonathan Singletary, was a prominent early American settler of Woodbridge Township, New Jersey, who built the first gristmill in New Jersey. He is U.S. President Barack Obama’s eighth great-grandfather and the first of Obama’s Dunham ancestors to be born in North America."@en .corpus249.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_D.C.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Real World: D.C., (also known as The Real World: Washington D.C.), is the twenty-third season of MTV's reality television series The Real World, which focuses on a group of diverse strangers living together for several months in a different city each season, as cameras follow their lives and interpersonal relationships. It is the fifth season of The Real World to be filmed in the Mid-Atlantic States region of the United States.The season featured eight people who lived in a house in Dupont Circle. Washington, D.C. was officially announced as the location for the newest season on June 10, 2009. Filming began on July 2, 2009 and completed on October 12, 2009. The season's December 30, 2009 premiere  was watched by 1.9 million viewers. The March 31, 2010 season finale was watched by 1.1 million viewers, the record low at the time for a season finale of the The Real World. The finale was immediately followed with a reunion special, The Real World: Washington D.C. Reunion. Overall the season averaged 1.5 million viewers a week and consisted of 14 episodes.According to MTV's President of Programming, Tony DiSanto, \"The charged atmosphere of Washington D.C., the center of our country's social and political change, will provide an electric setting for this next season of The Real World. We are thrilled to be filming our classic franchise in the heart of where history is being made ... it adds a whole new dimension to the great characters and drama our viewers expect and love from The Real World.\" Washington, D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty welcomed the production, pointing to the impact of young people on the national scene.The Washington Capitals hockey team, singer Melissa Etheridge and Washington Post cartoonist Tom Toles make guest appearances this season, in which they interact with the cast. President Barack Obama also appears in two episodes in which cast member Andrew Woods, an aspiring cartoonist, attends a press conference with Washington Times senior correspondent Joe Curl as part of Woods' internship with the newspaper, and when cast member and LGBT rights activist Mike Manning attends the October 10, 2009 Human Rights Campaign dinner at which Obama spoke. Manning also meets with Congressman Jared Polis of Colorado and Congressman James P. Moran of Virginia during the course of his work for the HRC."@en .corpus249.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Bayh_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Democratic Senator and former Governor Evan Bayh of Indiana began a movement for the 2008 Democratic nomination for president of the United States shortly following the 2004 presidential election.Although he was frequently mentioned as a possible challenger to frontrunner Hillary Clinton, Bayh stopped short of a full-fledged candidacy, withdrawing from the race in December 2006 despite accumulating approximately $10.4 million for the campaign. His withdrawal was tied to his public image, which characterized the candidate as \"dependable\" but \"dull\".Bayh spent a considerable amount of time campaigning throughout the early primary states (particularly Iowa and New Hampshire) for most of 2005 and 2006. The staff from his All America Political Action Committee (PAC) worked as his campaign team.  Two weeks prior to his withdrawal, Bayh filed his organization with the Federal Elections Commission as an exploratory committee, under the header Friends of Evan Bayh. Following his exit from the race, Bayh endorsed and campaigned for Hillary Clinton for president, switching his support to Democratic nominee Barack Obama following Clinton's withdrawal. He was a finalist to become Obama's running mate, losing a \"coin toss\" decision to Delaware Senator Joe Biden."@en .corpus25.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chet_Edwards> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Thomas Chester \"Chet\" Edwards (born November 24, 1951) is an American politician who was a United States Representative from Texas, representing a district based in Waco, from 1991 to 2011. Previously, he served in the Texas Senate from 1983 to 1990. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Edwards was on Barack Obama's vice presidential shortlist in 2008."@en .corpus25.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_K._Simpson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alan Kooi Simpson (born September 2, 1931) is an American politician who served from 1979 to 1997 as a United States Senator from Wyoming as a member of the Republican Party. His father, Milward L. Simpson, was also a member of the U.S. Senate from Wyoming (1962–1967) and a former Wyoming governor (1955–1959) as well. Simpson was appointed in 2010 to co-chair President Barack Obama's National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform with Democratic co-chair Erskine Bowles of North Carolina."@en .corpus25.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gates> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert Michael Gates (born September 25, 1943) is an American statesman and university president who served as the 22nd United States Secretary of Defense from 2006 to 2011. Gates served for 26 years in the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Council, and under President George H. W. Bush was Director of Central Intelligence. Gates was also an officer in the United States Air Force and during the early part of his military career, he was recruited by the CIA.  After leaving the CIA, Gates became president of Texas A&M University and was a member of several corporate boards. Gates served as a member of the Iraq Study Group, the bipartisan commission co-chaired by James A. Baker III and Lee H. Hamilton, that studied the lessons of the Iraq War.Gates was nominated by Republican President George W. Bush as Secretary of Defense after the 2006 election, replacing Donald Rumsfeld. He was confirmed with bipartisan support. In a 2007 profile written by former National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski, Time named Gates one of the year's most influential people. In 2008, Gates was named one of America's Best Leaders by U.S. News & World Report. He continued to serve as Secretary of Defense in President Barack Obama's administration. He retired in 2011.  “He’ll be remembered for making us aware of the danger of over-reliance on military intervention as an instrument of American foreign policy,” said former Senator David L. Boren. Gates was presented the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian award, by President Obama during his retirement ceremony.  According to a Washington Post book review, he is \"widely considered the best defense secretary of the post-World War II era\".Since leaving the Obama Administration, Gates has been elected President of the Boy Scouts of America, served as Chancellor of the College of William & Mary, and become a member of several corporate boards."@en .corpus25.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Printer_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Public Printer of the United States is the head of the United States Government Printing Office (GPO). Pursuant to 44 U.S.C. § 301, this officer must be nominated by the President of the United States and approved by the United States Senate. President Barack Obama appointed Davita Vance-Cooks as Public Printer of the United States in May 9, 2013  and she was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on August 1, 2013 The Public Printer is responsible for the administration of the GPO. The GPO, a legislative agency of the government, provides electronic access to and produces most printed matter for government, including the Congressional Record, Supreme Court decisions, passports, tax forms, internal government documents, and agency publications. The GPO does not print money, as that is a duty of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing."@en .corpus25.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_News> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "MTV News is the news division of MTV, one of the first and most popular music television network in the U.S., as well as some of MTV's related channels around the world. MTV News began in the late 1980s with the program The Week In Rock, hosted by Kurt Loder, the first official MTV News correspondent. Since 1990, the opening riff to Megadeth's \"Peace Sells\" has been the main opening theme for The Week In Rock.It first began covering political news in the 1992 American presidential elections, through its \"Choose or Lose\" campaign. Since then, MTV has run \"Choose or Lose\" for other presidential elections in the United States. For the 2008 election, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton appeared on an MTV special to discuss the Iraq war."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Roberts_Intelligence_Scholars_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Pat Roberts Intelligence Scholars Program (PRISP) is a program which \"links undergraduate and graduate students with US security and intelligence agencies\" by providing funding to selected US students entering university, in return for a commitment to join the agency for at least 18 months on graduation. PRISP is a decentralized program which funds students through various intelligence agencies. The program was established by the US Congress in 2004. In 2010 it became a permanent, authorized funded IC program. By 2011 most IC agencies participate in this program which is designated to recruit and train analysts and linguists. PRISP funding can be used to pay hiring incentives, such as a recruitment bonus or reimburse previous educational expenses for individuals who already possess the necessary skills (language, specialized scientific or geographical area expertise), or to provide additional education or training for those selected for the program. There is a service obligation of 18 months. IC agencies' websites should be consulted for specifics on any particular agency's PRISP program participation.The brainchild of University of Kansas anthropologist Felix Moos, who was advocating it as early as 1995, PRISP was originally a $4m pilot project funded under section 318 of the 2004 Intelligence Authorization Act. In the pilot phase, between 100 and 150 students received funding. In June 2009 it was reported that Barack Obama's administration was planning to make PRISP a permanent program.Students are required not to reveal their funding, and must attend \"summer military intelligence camps.\" There have been fears raised by academics in the US and UK that the program might put anthropology students at risk when they do overseas fieldwork in dangerous locations, by creating the possibility that students on fieldwork are linked with US intelligence agencies. The secrecy is \"a reminder for some of the bad old days of the 1960s, when the FBI and CIA kept tabs on the political views of U.S. professors.\"PRISP is named after Senator Pat Roberts (the then Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence). In April 2009, Citizens Against Government Waste gave PRISP a \"Narcissist Award\".In 2005, following PRISP, an additional, similar program (Intelligence Community Scholars Program, ICSP) was approved. \"ICSP participants owe two years of intelligence agency work for every year of funded education.\""@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Ledger> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The New Ledger is an American web publication which pairs aggregated and ranked news stories with right of center opinion articles by free-market minded moderates, libertarians and conservatives. The site's slogan is \"Welcome to the Know.\"Launched in February 2009, the New Ledger's contributors and editors include Pejman Yousefzadeh, Francis Cianfrocca, Christopher Badeaux, Brad Jackson, Benjamin Kerstein, Ted Bromund, Sean Noble, and Amanda Carpenter, some of whom have individual blogs hosted on the site. It is edited by Ben Domenech, who co-founded the conservative activism site Redstate.TNL, as site commenters call it, is not a political activism site, and occasionally publishes articles by conservative Democrats. According to its mission statement: \"Our goal is to sift through the noise to bring your attention to the news you need and want, in order to better understand the times we live in.\" The Transom section aggregates newswire content, while the \"sorted and ranked for you\" Daily Reads on the site, usually news and blog stories on business and politics, are assigned one to five stars on readability.Articles are typically strongly opposed to President Barack Obama's domestic and economic policies, particularly criticizing the government takeovers of Chrysler and GM. However, TNL has also published articles supporting Obama's policies on detainees and the environment, as well as the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor.The New Ledger is frequently featured by the RealClearPolitics network of sites and by the website of CBS News, both of which have republished several of their stories. They are linked regularly by US News and World Report, National Public Radio, National Journal, The Hill, Instapundit, The Root, and throughout the conservative blogosphere.In July 2009, TNL launched a daily podcast called Coffee & Markets, a roughly 15 minute morning podcast Francis Cianfrocca's thoughts on Wall Street, economic policy, and other political subjects. The podcast was cross promoted at The Washington Times for some time, and after gaining some popularity, became sponsored by Andrew Breitbart's  BigGovernment blog."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Mifflin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Margot Mifflin has written for The New York Times, ARTnews, Entertainment Weekly, The Chronicle of Higher Education, The Believer, The Village Voice, Elle Magazine and Salon.com.Mifflin holds an M.A. in journalism from New York University and a B.A. in English from Occidental College in Los Angeles, where she was friends with Barack Obama, an experience she has written about in her New York Times op-ed, \"The Occidental Tourist.\"She is a professor in the English Department of Lehman College (City University of New York) and co-director of the Arts and Culture program at CUNY’s Graduate School of Journalism.Her book  \"Bodies of Subversion: A Secret History of Women and Tattoo\", became the first history of women's tattoo art when it was released in 1997. A third edition was published in 2013. She has lectured on tattoo history at colleges, universities and museums nationally, and appeared in the documentaries  \"Women and Tattoo” (MSNBC, 2001) and “Women of the Ink” (CNN, 1998)."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Water_Reactor_Sustainability_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Light Water Reactor Sustainability Program is a U.S. government research and development program. It is directed by the United States Department of Energy and is aimed at performing research and compiling data necessary to qualify for licenses to extend the life of America's current 104 electricity generating nuclear power plants beyond 60 years of life.  Practically all of the commercial electric-generating nuclear power plants currently in the United States are light water reactor (LWR) plants, meaning they use ordinary (light) water as a moderator and coolant simultaneously.The basis for the project is founded on the facts that in the near future:demand for electricity is projected to increase significantlyThe U.S. has goals to significantly lower carbon dioxide emissionsDuring his presidential campaign, Barack Obama stated, \"Nuclear power represents more than 70% of our noncarbon generated electricity. It is unlikely that we can meet our aggressive climate goals if we eliminate nuclear power as an option.\"The LWRS Program operates on the premise that electricity from nuclear generating stations, as a zero-carbon source, can and must play a critical role as part of an overall solution to both of these needs. The LWRS Program focuses on  four main areas: Materials Aging and Degradation, Advanced Instrumentation, Information, and Control Systems Technologies, Advanced Light Water Reactor Nuclear Fuels, and finally, Risk-Informed Safety Margin Characterization."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Cunningham_(executive)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chet Edward “Ed” Cunningham is an American lawyer and CEO.He has been involved in politics, serving as a member of President Barack Obama’s National Finance Committee, the Presidential Advisory Committee (Technology), the U.S. Foreign Affairs Budget Project Advisory Committee, the American Academy of Diplomacy (Co-Director of International Negotiations Program), and the Democratic National Committee National Advisory Board."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Care_for_America_NOW!> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Health Care for America Now (HCAN) is a progressive political coalition of more than 1,000 organizations that joined together in 2008 in a successful effort to promote legislation to overhaul the United States health care system and extend medical benefits to most of the population that is currently uninsured. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA or ACA) was signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 23, 2010, and HCAN was credited with being a \"major contributor\" to its passage. After enactment of the law, HCAN shifted its activities to defending the law from opposition attacks and advocating for the law before Congress and federal and state regulatory agencies."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thorne_(diplomat)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Thorne (born September 16, 1944) is an American businessman and diplomat who served as United States Ambassador to Italy and Ambassador to San Marino from 2009 to 2013. He was nominated by President Barack Obama and sworn in August 17, 2009.David Thorne's parents were Alice Smith (Barry) and Landon Ketchum Thorne, Jr. David lived in Italy for a decade while his father helped administer the Marshall Plan. David's twin sister Julia was the first wife of John Kerry. Thorne graduated from Yale University in 1966 with a B.A. in American History, where he roomed with Kerry and both were members of Skull and Bones, and then from Columbia University in 1971 with a Master's degree in Journalism. He served in the United States Navy during the Vietnam War, and worked in political consulting, real estate development, and publishing. He is married and has two grown children."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abou_Elkassim_Britel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Abou Elkassim Britel is a citizen of Italy who is reported to have been transported through the United States' controversial extraordinary rendition program.Abou was first apprehended in Pakistan, in February 2002, who handed him over to American authorities.Abou was flown to Morocco in May 2002, and remains in extrajudicial detention there.Abou joined with four other men, Bisher Al-Rawi, Binyam Mohamed, Ahmed Agiza and Mohamed Farag Ahmad Bashmilah, to sue the Jeppesen Dataplan a company with a contract with the US government to run the fleet of jets used in the extraordinary rendition program.Marc Ambinder, commenting in the Atlantic magazine explained the United States President Barack Obama was opposing the men discovery, on the grounds doing so would expose techniques that would put the USA's national security at risk."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americas_Energy_and_Climate_Symposium> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Americas Energy and Climate Symposium is the first major energy event after the Summit of the Americas in April 2009, where U.S. President Barack Obama announced the formation of the Energy and Climate Partnership of the Americas (ECPA). ECPA is a voluntary and flexible framework for advancing energy security and combating climate change. The president invited all Western Hemisphere countries to be part of a united effort under the ECPA, and since then, the regional response has been overwhelmingly positive across the elements of the ECPA: energy efficiency, renewable energy, critical infrastructure, and energy development and solidarity to help alleviate poverty. Energy efficiency and renewable energy are the major focus for the Americas Energy and Climate Symposium. The first Americas Energy and Climate Symposium took place on June 15 and 16 2009 and was hosted by the government of Peru."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_state_budget_(2008–09)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kansas, like many other states, is facing a $186 million gap for fiscal year 2009 and according to early estimates approximately $1 billion deficit for fiscal year 2010. However, more recent estimates place FY 2010's shortfall at $654 million.Governor Kathleen Sebelius recommended $600 million in budget cuts for FY 2010 which includes eliminating programs, closing facilities, freezing new hires, and reducing spending. However, in light of the federal economic stimulus package Sebelius amended her recommended budget to \"prevent harm\" to the state. \"Budget cuts deeper than what I have already recommended are not necessary, and would in fact do great harm to our state’s economy and employment levels,\" said Sebelius. However state officials said their target for reductions in fiscal 2010 is greater than the Governor's recommendations - $625 million. According to the Governor's recommended budget, the proposed cuts could reduce the projected FY2010 shortfall $103 million, however that estimate depends on $57 million in revenue from state-owned casinos that haven’t yet been built.However, Sebelius' 2009 appointment by President Barack Obama as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services had some state legislators that the nomination is a \"distraction\" from the state's budget crisis. \"The state budget remains substantially out of balance, and she will leave behind no consensus on how to balance it,\" said Senate majority leader Derek Schmidt. House minority leader Paul Davis said that he expected nothing but a smooth transition when Sebelius left office. Lieutenant Governor Former Republican Party leader turned Democrat Mark Parkinson assumed Sebelius' role as Governor."@en .corpus250.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Otto> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bill Otto was a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 9th district.  He served from 2005 to 2012 and was succeeded by Edwin Bideau.Prior to his election to the House, Otto served on the Southern Coffey County Site Council (2003–2006), LeRoy City Council (2002–2004), Unified School District 245 Site Council (2000–2003), and the Unified School District 247 Cherokee (1984).Receiving both his bachelors and masters degrees from Pittsburg State University, Otto served as Principal at Central Heights Elementary (1976–1978) and McCune High School (1978–79).  He also worked as a Performance Accreditation Director for USD 245 (1984–2004).Otto is known for his expressing his political opinions in controversial ways. In 2009, the representative was criticized by a national civil rights organization for a video he had posted on YouTube, called \"RedNeck Rap\", in which he criticized President Barack Obama while wearing a hat with the words \"Opossum: The Other Dark Meat\". Otto claimed that the criticism was unfair and that the slogan on his hat was a reference to his \"Ozark-American\" heritage, not Obama. Otto also made a comparison between Obama and Adolf Hitler in a 2012 letter to the editor"@en .corpus251.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_T._Barrett> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert T. Barrett (born 1949) is an American painter, illustrator, and professor of illustration at Brigham Young University.  His illustration works include The Story of the Walnut Tree, Silent Night, Holy Night: The Story of the Christmas Truce, and The Nauvoo Temple Stone.  He illustrated a book about President Barack Obama, entitled Obama: Only in America, written by Carole Boston Weatherford."@en .corpus251.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_B._Rivkin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David B. Rivkin, Jr., (born in 1956 in the former Soviet Union) is an American attorney, political writer, and media commentator on matters of constitutional and international law, as well as foreign and defense policy. Rivkin has gained national recognition as a representative of conservative viewpoints, frequently testifying before Congressional committees, and appearing as an analyst and commentator on a variety of television and radio stations. He is a Visiting Fellow at the Center for the National Interest, and a recipient of the U.S. Naval Proceedings Annual Alfred Thayer Mahan Award for the best maritime affairs article. He currently serves as Co-Chairman of the Center for Law and Counterterrorism at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, and is a former member of the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.Rivkin is a former U.S. government official, having served under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush. In 2010, Rivkin took on his highest-profile case to date when he agreed to represent a multi-state lawsuit—currently consisting of 26 state attorneys general against health care reform legislation signed into law by President Barack Obama in March. The lawsuit, filed in the Federal Court's Northern District of Florida, argues the legislation is an \"illegal expansion of Congress' regulation of interstate commerce and unfairly penalizes uninsured people who refuse to buy into the program\". Rivkin has been involved in two other high-profile cases recently: he represented former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in a lawsuit by al Qaeda operative José Padilla, who claims he was tortured while in custody; he is also \"helping craft legal strategy for the State of Texas as it fights federal proposals on health care and environmental regulation\".In May 2011, Rivkin was awarded a Burton Award for Legal Achievement for a Washington Post article he wrote with Lee A. Casey in February 2010 titled \"Why the 'Don't ask, don't tell' policy is doomed\"."@en .corpus251.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_care_reform_debate_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The health care reform debate in the United States has been a political issue for many years, focusing upon increasing coverage, decreasing the cost and social burden of healthcare, insurance reform, and the philosophy of its provision, funding, and government involvement. Following the election of Barack Obama as president, who campaigned heavily on accomplishing health care reform, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) was enacted in March 2010.In 2009, the U.S. had the highest healthcare costs relative to the size of the economy (GDP) in the world, with an estimated 50.2 million citizens (approximately 15.6% of the September 2011 estimated population of 312 million) without insurance coverage. Some critics of reform counter that almost four out of ten of these uninsured come from a household with over $50,000 income per year, and thus might be uninsured voluntarily, or opting to pay for health care services on a \"pay-as-you-go\" basis.Further, an estimated 77 million Baby Boomers are reaching retirement age, which combined with significant annual increases in healthcare costs per person will place enormous budgetary strain on U.S. state and federal governments. Maintaining the long-term fiscal health of the U.S. federal government is significantly dependent on healthcare costs being controlled."@en .corpus251.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_reaction_to_the_2009_Honduran_coup_d'état> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "International reaction to the 2009 Honduran coup d'état of June 28, 2009, was that the coup was widely repudiated around the globe. The United Nations, every other country in the Western Hemisphere (except Honduras itself) and others, publicly condemned the military-led ouster of Honduran President Manuel Zelaya as illegal and most labelled it a coup d'état. The Obama administration, along with all other governments in the hemisphere, branded the action a \"coup.\" Every country in the region, except the United States, withdrew their ambassadors from Honduras. All EU ambassadors were withdrawn from the country. Venezuela said it would suspend oil shipments, and Honduras's neighbors — El Salvador, Guatemala and Nicaragua - stopped overland trade for 48 hours. The World Bank and Inter-American Development Bank paused lending to Honduras.President Barack Obama of the United States said, \"We believe that the coup was not legal and that President Zelaya remains the President of Honduras.\" Amongst the stronger reactions, the President of Venezuela Hugo Chávez pledged to \"bring down\" any replacement government. Americas-based international organizations such as the Organization of American States, Mercosur, and the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas have also condemned the events. No foreign governmennt recognized the de facto President Roberto Micheletti."@en .corpus251.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Future> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Welcome to the Future\" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley.  It was released in July 2009 as the second single from his album American Saturday Night. It is the twenty-fourth chart single of his career. In July 2009, Paisley played the song at the White House for President Barack Obama.  The song was written by Paisley along with Chris DuBois."@en .corpus251.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wickstrom> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James P. Wickstrom (born 1942) is an American radio talk show host, Christian minister, white supremacist and antisemite who lives in Linwood, Michigan. He is known for his many strong right-wing opinions; he is intensely anti-communist and denounces those he perceives to be communists, such as Barack Obama (and Nelson Mandela, whose death he rejoiced in 2013, describing him as a \"vile black terrorist\"). He frequently advocates the mass murder of Jews, non-European Americans, homosexuals, drug addicts, and race traitors, in accordance with the Christian Identity movement."@en .corpus251.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catastrophe_(book)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Catastrophe is a 2009 book co-written by American political commentator Dick Morris and his wife Eileen McGann, which spells out hypothetical catastrophic consequences of the Barack Obama administration policies and shows how the Obama administration could be stopped."@en .corpus251.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_elections,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Elections were held in the United States throughout 2012.  These included many federal elections on Election Day, November 6, 2012, most prominently the 57th presidential election, Senate elections (where 33 seats were decided), and House of Representatives elections (to elect all 435 members of the House for the 113th United States Congress). It also featured 13 state and territorial governors' races; state and territorial legislature races, special elections, and various other state, territorial, and local races and referenda on votes held in November as well as throughout the year.Little overall change occurred on the Federal level. Incumbent President Barack Obama was elected to a second term, with the national popular vote percentage being 51.1% to 47.2%, and the Electoral College vote being 332 to 206, for Obama and challenger Mitt Romney, respectively. The Democratic Party held control of the Senate and the Republican Party maintained a majority in the House of Representatives. Republicans also held on to a majority of governorships.The election resulted in New Hampshire being the first state with an entirely female congressional delegation and with Wisconsin electing the first openly LGBT member of the Senate. Three state referenda passed legalizing same-sex marriage, while Minnesota became the first state in history to reject a proposed state-level constitutional ban of same sex marriage. Two states approved and one rejected the legalization of recreational marijuana, and one more state voted to approve allowing marijuana for medical use. A referendum was also held in Puerto Rico regarding the future political status of the U.S. unincorporated territory, with voters agreeing towards acquiring statehood.The 2012 election cycle was the first to be impacted by the Supreme Court's Citizens United decision, which prohibited the government from restricting independent political expenditures by corporations and unions.  The projected cost of the 2012 federal election races is estimated to be over 5.8 billion dollars,  with approximately $1 billion of that coming from \"outside\" groups (groups not directly controlled by the candidate's campaign or officially controlled by the party). During the elections there was much spending by the lobbies, particularly the fossil fuels lobby.  This election season became the most expensive in American history."@en .corpus252.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statewide_opinion_polling_for_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article provides a collection of state-wide public opinion polls that were conducted relating to the 2012 United States presidential election, which was won by incumbent President Barack Obama. The polls show the status between Republican nominee Mitt Romney and President Obama. Also included are three- and four-way race polls with the Republican and Democratic nominees against various Third party candidates."@en .corpus252.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fernandez_(Indiana_politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Fernandez is an Indiana politician, the former mayor of Bloomington, Indiana from 1995 to 2003. A graduate of Indiana University, he was nominated by President Barack Obama to the post of Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development, leading the Economic Development Administration. Fernandez was sworn into office on September 14, 2009. As the Administrator of the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Economic Development Administration (EDA), Fernandez is charged with leading the federal economic development agenda by promoting innovation and competitiveness, preparing American regions for growth and success in the global economy. With over 13 years of executive experience, Fernandez has earned a reputation as a strategic thinker, creative problem solver and effective manager.Prior to his appointment, Fernandez led the new development and acquisition team at First Capital Group, an Indiana-based real estate investment firm. Fernandez played a critical role in expanding the firm’s regional and national investment footprint. Fernandez also served as Of Counsel for Krieg DeVault LLP, an Indianapolis-based law firm, where he advised private and governmental organizations on economic development, public finance and policy issues. Fernandez served as Bloomington, Indiana’s mayor from 1996 to 2003. With his leadership, Bloomington’s economy thrived despite facing significant changes arising from the new global economy. Fernandez worked with business and Indiana University leaders to launch Bloomington’s Life Sciences Partnership, securing more than $243 million in private investments and creating more than 3,700 jobs. He also developed an aggressive downtown revitalization plan resulting in more than $100 million in new investments. A first generation American, Fernandez received a Doctor of Law (J.D.) from Indiana University. He also earned a Master of Public Affairs (M.P.A.) and Bachelor of Science (B.S.) from Indiana University’s School of Public and Environmental Affairs."@en .corpus252.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/President's_Surveillance_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The President's Surveillance Program (PSP) is a collection of secret intelligence activities authorized by then President of the United States George W. Bush after the September 11 attacks in 2001 as part of the War on Terrorism. Information collected under this program was protected within a Sensitive Compartmented Information security compartment codenamed STELLARWIND.The last presidential authorization expired on February 1, 2007, but some of the collection activities were continued, first under the authority of the Protect America Act of 2007, passed in August of that year, and then under the FISA Amendments Act (FAA), which was enacted in July 2008.One part of the program was the Terrorist Surveillance Program, which authorized warrantless wiretapping of international communications where one party to the communication was believed to be affiliated with al-Qa'ida. The other activities have reportedly included data mining of e-mail messagesand telephone call detail records in the NSA call database.In 2007 the Attorney General publicly acknowledged the existence of other intelligence activities covered under the same Presidential authorizations. The full extent of the President's Surveillance Program was revealed in June 2013, when The Guardian published a highly classified report of the Inspector General of the NSA, describing how the program was established and evolved from September 2001 until January 2007.The President's Surveillance Program activities were periodically reauthorized by the President, and were later transitioned to authority granted in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 Amendments Act of 2008. The act required the Inspectors General of all intelligence agencies involved in the program to \"complete a comprehensive review\" of the activities through January 17, 2007, and produce an unclassified report within one year after enactment. The report published on July 10, 2009 concluded that the President's program involved \"unprecedented collection activities\" that went far beyond the scope of the Terrorist Surveillance Program. The report raised questions over the legal underpinnings of the authorizations, a lack of oversight, excessive secrecy, and the effectiveness of the program. The report concluded that the program was built on a \"factually flawed\" legal analysis.Public disclosure of the Terrorist Surveillance Program in 2005 ignited the NSA warrantless surveillance controversy. The other classified aspects of the program had also raised serious concerns within the Department of Justice over the program's legal status and its potential effect on future criminal prosecutions. This caused conflicts with the White House that resulted in a dramatic confrontation in 2004 at the hospital bedside of the ailing Attorney General, and nearly led to mass resignations of top Justice officials in protest when they were overruled. The report on the program was also released during a period of intense negotiations over proposed language in the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 that would amend the National Security Act of 1947, increasing the requirements for briefing Congress on some classified intelligence programs like this one—President Barack Obama has threatened to veto the bill over that issue."@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Homeland_Security_for_National_Protection_and_Programs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Homeland Security for National Protection and Programs is a high level civilian official in the United States Department of Homeland Security. The Under Secretary, as head of National Protection and Programs Directorate at DHS, is the principal staff assistant and adviser to both the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security for all DHS program designed to reduce the Nation's risk to terrorism and natural disasters. The Under Secretary is appointed from civilian life by the President with the consent of the Senate to serve at the pleasure of the President. The current Under Secretary is Suzanne E. Spaulding, who was appointed by President Barack Obama on March 6, 2014."@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Homeland_Security_for_Science_and_Technology> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Science and Technology is a high level civilian official in the United States Department of Homeland Security. The Under Secretary, as head of the Science and Technology Directorate at DHS, is the principal staff assistant and adviser to both the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security for all DHS technological research.The Under Secretary is appointed from civilian life by the President with the consent of the Senate to serve at the pleasure of the President. The current Under Secretary is Dr. Tara O'Toole, MD, MPH, who was appointed by President Barack Obama on November 12, 2009."@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Fallin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ken Fallin (born November 11, 1948 in Jacksonville, Florida) is an American illustrator and caricaturist.  His first big break was in 1983 doing the posters and advertising for the popular satirical revue Forbidden Broadway.  In 1987, he was commissioned by the Boston Herald to do a celebrity caricature every week in the Sunday theatre section.Fallin has illustrated roughly 500 notable people for the Wall Street Journal, including President Barack Obama, Paul Newman and Tim Russert for Peggy Noonan's memorial of the newsman in the paper.His Forbidden Broadway posters promoted the show in London, Tokyo and Sydney.  Outside of entertainment, Fallin developed relationships with corporate clientele, particularly American Express, which engaged him on several national media campaigns as well as private work.  Belvedere Vodka hired him to turn famous icons like the Playboy Bunny and Quentin Tarantino into bottles of the alcohol. Other clients have included HBO, Showtime and Walt Disney Productions."@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Blanco> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Blanco (born February 15, 1968) is an American poet, public speaker, author and civil engineer. He is the fifth poet to read at a United States presidential inauguration, having read for Barack Obama's second inauguration. He is the first immigrant, the first Latino, the first openly gay person and the youngest person to be the U.S. inaugural poet."@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Jarvis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jonathan B. Jarvis (born June 26, 1953) is the 18th Director of the United States National Park Service, confirmed by the United States Senate on September 25, 2009. He was serving as regional director for the Pacific West Region when, on July 10, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Jarvis for the directorship following the resignation of Mary A. Bomar on January 20, 2009, the day of President Obama's inauguration.  A career civil servant, Jarvis has been with the service for over 30 years.Prior to his work as regional director, Jarvis served for three years as the superintendent of Mount Rainier National Park in Ashford, Washington. He was superintendent of Craters of the Moon National Monument and Preserve in Idaho and Wrangell-St. Elias National Park Service & Preserve in Alaska during the 1990s.Jarvis graduated from The College of William & Mary, where he became a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity, in 1975 with a degree in biology."@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Conservation_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Shark Conservation Act of 2010 (SCA) (H.R. 81, S. 850) was passed by the 111th United States Congress that amended the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act and the Magnuson–Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to improve the conservation of sharks.  Also called the International Fisheries Agreement Clarification Act,  the bill was approved by the House of Representatives on March 2, 2009 by voice vote and the Senate on December 20, 2010 by unanimous consent. A record of each representative's position was not kept. The bill was signed into law by President Barack Obama on January 4, 2011.A decade earlier, the Shark Finning Prohibition Act (SFPA) had been passed to combat the increased practice of removing fins from sharks, usually taken in bycatch by longline fishing vessels, to satisfy increased demand for shark fin soup, a delicacy in China. In 2008, a federal appeals court ruled that transshipment of fins taken by other vessels was not prohibited by the SFPA. Within weeks of that decision, the SCA was introduced to close that loophole. It prohibits any person from cutting the fins of a shark at sea and from possessing, transferring and landing shark fins (including the tail) that are not \"naturally attached to the corresponding carcass\". In addition it prohibits any person from landing a shark carcass without its corresponding fins being \"naturally attached\".The act protects all shark species, with an exception for commercial fishing of smooth dogfish (Mustelus canis) with a valid State license within 50 nautical miles of that State's coast."@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warith_Deen_Umar> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Warith Deen Umar (born Wallace Gene Marks) is a New York area imam and resident of Bethlehem, New York. He was formerly the head Muslim chaplain of the New York State Department of Correctional Services, until his remarks praising the September 11 hijackers in 2003 caused him to be fired from his position.Umar was born the seventh child of a Black Muslim minister, and named in honor of Wallace Delaney Fard. Umar is a former convict.He drew  public attention in 2009 when he gave a speech at the annual convention of the Islamic Society of North America in which he  asserted that the Holocaust happened to the Jews \"because they were serially disobedient to Allah.\" He went on to allege that a group of Jews close to President Barack Obama \"control the world.\" The ISNA immediately condemned the tenor of the comments.At one time Umar was employed as the Administrative Chaplain for the State of New York Department of Corrections. A \"Radical Muslim,\" Umar was found to have denied prisoners access to \"mainstream\" imams and religious instructional and devotional materials. Instead, he was found to have attempted to incite prisoners against America, preaching that the 9/11 hijackers should be remembered as martyrs and heroes. Umar was consequently banned from ever entering a New York State prison."@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Exploration_Vehicle> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Space Exploration Vehicle (SEV) is a modular multi-mission vehicle concept developed by NASA. It would consist of a pressurized cabin that can be mated either with a wheeled chassis to form a rover for planetary surface exploration (on the Moon and elsewhere) or to a flying platform for open space missions such as servicing satellites and missions to near-Earth asteroids. The concept evolved from the Lunar Electric Rover (LER) concept, which in turn was a development of the Small Pressurized Rover (SPR) concept.Concept vehicles of the Lunar Electric Rover (and later, the SEV) were tested during the Desert Research and Technology Studies in 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011. One of the LER concept vehicles took part in the presidential inauguration parade of Barack Obama in 2009. Research and testing continued in 2012 in the Johnson Space Center with a mock-up of a free-flying SEV simulating a mission to an asteroid.The SEV is developed together with other projects under the Advanced Explorations Systems Program. The program's budget for FY 2010 was $152.9 million."@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Hamilton_(pastor)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rev. Adam Hamilton (born July 12, 1964) is the senior pastor of the 20,000 member United Methodist Church of the Resurrection in Leawood, Kansas. It is the largest United Methodist congregation in the United States, measured by weekend attendance. Average weekly attendance for all campuses was 10,274 people for 2012. The congregation has expanded to several sites in the Kansas City area, including an online congregation. Rev. Hamilton has received numerous awards, including two honorary doctorates, the B'nai B'rith award in Social Ethics, the Denman Award in Evangelism, and the Circuit Rider Award for excellence in church leadership. He was named one of the \"Ten People to Watch in America's Spiritual Landscape\" by Religion & Ethics Newsweekly and Distinguished Evangelist of the United Methodist Church by the Foundation for Evangelism. He is a Trustee at Saint Paul School of Theology and as a member of the Kansas East Board of Professional Ministry. He lectures on leadership, evangelism, and preaching across the country. Hamilton spoke at the 2010 Willow Creek Leadership Summit on the topic of leaders and the power of temptation. Following the second inauguration of President Barack Obama, Hamilton delivered the sermon at the Inaugural Prayer Service held at the National Cathedral in Washington, D.C. on January 22, 2013. (http://www.p2012.org/chrninau/prayerservice.html)"@en .corpus253.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenda_Starfelt> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lorenda Starfelt (January 11, 1955 – March 16, 2011) was an independent film producer, as well as a committed political activist and blogger who notably dug up president Barack Obama's birth announcement in an August 1961 edition of The Honolulu Advertiser while researching her documentary on the 2008 presidential election, The Audacity of Democracy."@en .corpus254.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_People_Policy_Institute> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Jewish People Policy Institute (JPPI; Hebrew: המכון למדיניות העם היהודי‎), is a Non-profit organization with the purpose of promoting and securing the Jewish people and Israel. The institute is a professional policy planning apparatus and a strategic thought process for the Jewish people in the most fundamental subjects concerning the Jewish people. The institute is served by most prominent public figures from the government, the Academy, the private sector in Israel and Jewish communities around the world, who constitute the think tank of this body. The JPPI's viewpoint is all-Jewish and long term, and a cornerstone of its work is the premise that Israel is the core of the Jewish people. Its think tank systematically and professionally examines the challenges, threats and opportunities that the Jewish people is coping with, and develops principles for policies and strategic alternatives. In addition, it may recommend on immediate steps needed to be taken in order to secure the continuity and prosperity of the Jewish people. JPPI was founded in 2002 by the Jewish Agency for Israel, and is run as an independent body. It is headed by a board of directors that is now chaired by Dennis Ross, the special adviser for the Persian Gulf Southwest Asia in U.S. President Barack Obama's administration. Its current President is Avinoam Bar-Yosef."@en .corpus254.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadangha_Limbiyè_Bariki> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kadangha Limbiyè Bariki is a Togolese diplomat who has been Togo's Ambassador to the United States since July 2009.A career diplomat, Bariki was Director of the Cabinet of Foreign Minister Koffi Panou in the early 2000s. Later, he worked as a Technical Adviser under Foreign Minister Koffi Esaw until he was appointed as Ambassador to the United States. Bariki presented his credentials as Ambassador to United States President Barack Obama on 20 July 2009, thereby filling a post that had been vacant since the departure of Pascal Bodjona in early 2005. When presenting his credentials, Bariki said that he would \"work in your country with faith, loyalty and determination to help build good relations of cooperation between Togo and the United States\" and he asked Obama to be \"a tireless advocate of a more humane society for Togo, Africa, and the Third World\". He also stressed the political reconciliation process and reforms taking place in Togo. Obama, in turn, urged the Togolese government to improve democracy and living standards and professionalize the military; he also said that the 2010 presidential election would be \"a democratic test for Togo\"."@en .corpus254.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Louis_Gates_arrest_controversy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On July 16, 2009, Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates, Jr., was arrested at his Cambridge, Massachusetts home by a local police officer responding to a 9-1-1 caller's report of men breaking and entering the residence. The arrest initiated a series of events that unfolded under the spotlight of the international news media.The arrest occurred just after Gates returned home to Cambridge after a trip to China to research the ancestry of Yo-Yo Ma for Faces of America. Gates found the front door to his home jammed shut and with the help of his driver tried to force it open. A local witness reported their activity to the police as a potential burglary in progress. Accounts regarding the ensuing confrontation differ, but Gates was arrested by the responding officer, Cambridge Police Sgt. James Crowley, and charged with disorderly conduct. On July 21, the charges against Gates were dropped. The arrest generated a national debate about whether or not it represented an example of racial profiling by police.On July 22, President Barack Obama said about the incident, \"I don't know, not having been there and not seeing all the facts, what role race played in that. But I think it's fair to say, number one, any of us would be pretty angry; number two, that the Cambridge police acted stupidly in arresting somebody when there was already proof that they were in their own home, and, number three, what I think we know separate and apart from this incident is that there's a long history in this country of African Americans and Latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately.\" Law enforcement organizations and members objected to Obama's comments and criticized his handling of the issue. In the aftermath, Obama stated that he regretted his comments and hoped that the situation could become a \"teachable moment\".On July 24, Obama invited both parties to the White House to discuss the issue over beer, and on July 30, Obama and Vice President Joe Biden joined Crowley and Gates in a private, cordial meeting in a courtyard near the White House Rose Garden; this became known colloquially as the \"Beer Summit\".An independent panel with experts from across the nation published a report on June 30, 2010, which states that \"Sergeant Crowley and Professor Gates each missed opportunities to 'ratchet down' the situation and end it peacefully\" and share responsibility for the controversial July 16 arrest. Crowley could have better explained how uncertain and potentially dangerous it is to respond to a serious crime-in-progress call and why this can result in a seemingly rude tone. Gates could have tried to understand Crowley's view of the situation and could have spoken respectfully to Crowley. The report cites research that shows people's feelings about a police encounter depend significantly on whether they feel the officer displays respect and courtesy."@en .corpus254.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deirdre_Bolton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Deirdre Bolton (born June 1, 1964) formerly anchored Bloomberg Television’s \"Money Moves\", a show that deals with alternative investments sourced from experts in hedge funds, private equity, venture capital, angel investing and real estate. On January 31, 2014 she left Bloomberg for Fox Business News to host Risk & Reward.Since joining Bloomberg in 1999, Bolton has reported from the New York Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ, been recognized for outstanding field work and has anchored a variety of programs.  Bolton has also been the face of Bloomberg News for affiliate reporting in cities such as New York, Chicago, St. Louis, Pittsburgh, Raleigh, San Antonio and Salt Lake.During the 2007/08 credit crisis, Bolton appeared on a regular basis as a contributor for CBS’ “The Early Show”. She can still be seen often on the Saturday program and appears regularly on ABC’s “News Now” channel.In recent months, Bolton has interviewed Wall Street players, government official, key decision makers and sports personalities such as PIMCO strategic adviser Richard Clarida, Carlyle Group Co-Founder David Rubenstein, Sam Zell, Roger Altman, Wilbur Ross, Nokia CFO Rick Simonson, President Barack Obama’s chief economist Christina Romer, Congressman Elijah Cummings, Martina Navratilova, Billie Jean King and Terrell Owens."@en .corpus254.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Labor_Agreement> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A Project Labor Agreement (PLA), also known as a Community Workforce Agreement, is a pre-hire collective bargaining agreement with one or more labor organizations that establishes the terms and conditions of employment for a specific construction project. Before any workers are hired on the project, construction unions have bargaining rights to determine the wage rates and benefits of all employees working on the particular project and to agree to the provisions of the agreement. The terms of the agreement apply to all contractors and subcontractors who successfully bid on the project, and supersedes any existing collective bargaining agreements. PLAs are used on both public and private projects, and their specific provisions may be tailored by the signatory parties to meet the needs of a particular project. The agreement may include provisions to prevent any strikes, lockouts, or other work stoppages for the length of the project. PLAs typically require that employees hired for the project are referred through union hiring halls, that nonunion workers pay union dues for the length of the project, and that the contractor follow union rules on pensions, work conditions and dispute resolution.PLAs are authorized under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA), 29 U.S.C. §§ 151-169. Sections 8(e) and (f) of the NLRA, 29 U.S.C. §§ 158(e) and (f) make special exceptions from other requirements of the NLRA in order to permit employers to enter into pre-hire agreements with labor unions in the construction industry.The agreements have been in use in the United States since the 1930s, and first became the subject of debate in the 1980s, for their use on publicly funded projects. In these instances, government entities made signing PLAs a condition of working on taxpayer funded projects. This type of PLA, known as a government-mandated PLA, is distinct from a PLA voluntarily entered into by contractors on public or private work—as is permitted by the NLRA—as well as a PLA mandated by a private entity on a privately funded construction project. Executive orders issued since 1992 have affected the use of government-mandated PLAs for federal construction projects and the most recent order, issued by President Barack Obama in February 2009, encourages their use by federal agencies. The use of PLAs is opposed by a number of groups, who argue that the agreements discriminate against non-union contractors and do not improve efficiency or reduce costs of construction projects. Studies of PLAs have mixed results, with some studies concluding that PLAs have a favorable impact, while others find that the agreements can increase costs, and may negatively impact non-union contractors and workers."@en .corpus255.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Flores_Bermúdez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Roberto Flores Bermúdez is a Honduran diplomat and politician, and the current Foreign Minister in Roberto Micheletti's interim government. He was previously the Foreign Minister in 1992 - 2002, and has twice been Honduras' Ambassador to the United States.A career diplomat since 1976, he has been posted to a variety of locations, and has twice been Honduras' Ambassador to the United States.In July 2009 he replaced Enrique Ortez as Foreign Minister in Roberto Micheletti's interim government after Ortez insulted US President Barack Obama."@en .corpus255.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cook_(American_anchor)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter Cook joined Bloomberg Television in October 2003. As Washington Anchor and Correspondent, Peter co-anchors Bloomberg’s morning programming and reports on the intersection of business and government.  In recent months, Peter has covered every angle of the financial crisis, regularly breaking news on the government's unprecedented response. He has interviewed key Washington players including Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner, former Secretary Henry Paulson, White House economic adviser Larry Summers, Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell plus business leaders such as JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon.  Before his shift to the morning, Peter hosted Bloomberg's \"Money & Politics\" program and spearheaded BLOOMBERG TELEVISION'S coverage of the Presidential race.  He anchored the network's primary season and election night coverage, interviewing the major candidates including Barack Obama and John McCain.  Peter routinely covers the Fed, Treasury, White House and Congress.  Previously he did extensive reporting on the Gulf Coast's recovery from Hurricane Katrina and traveled to Beijing with Secretary Paulson for a closer look at the economic relationship between the U.S. and China. Prior to Bloomberg, Peter worked as a producer and reporter for NBC News and MSNBC in Washington.  He was assigned to the Pentagon during the Iraq invasion.  Prior to that, he helped launch EnergyNewsLive.com.  He served as News Director and Washington Bureau Chief for the web-based energy news service, leading ENL's coverage of the California power crisis and the Enron collapse.  Peter also spent ten years in local news as an anchor and reporter, witnessing everything from Western wildfires to death row executions.  His reporting earned him awards at every stop.  Peter was born and raised in Washington and is the son of a print journalist.  He is a graduate of Duke University and Northwestern University’s Medill School of Journalism.  Peter and his wife have two boys."@en .corpus255.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Lord> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeffrey Lord is a former member of the Ronald Reagan administration, journalist, author, and political strategist in Pennsylvania.Lord earned a degree from Franklin and Marshall College. He first worked as a press aide in the Pennsylvania State Senate. He worked for Pennsylvania congressman Bud Shuster as legislative director and press secretary and for U.S. senator H. John Heinz III as executive assistant. Later Lord worked as chief of staff to Drew Lewis, who was a co-chairman of the Ronald Reagan presidential campaign. He also served in the Reagan White House as an associate political director. In that position he assisted in the judicial nomination process for several nominees, including Robert Bork.  He also worked for Jack Kemp during the Presidency of George H. W. Bush.Lord now works as a journalist, contributing material to The Weekly Standard, The American Spectator, National Review Online, the Wall Street Journal, the Washington Times, the Los Angeles Times, the Philadelphia Inquirer, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, and the Harrisburg Patriot-News. He has appeared as a guest on numerous televisions and radio programs. He also works as a political consultant for Quantum Communications, a Harrisburg-based political strategy firm.He is the author of The Borking Rebellion, about the confirmation of Federal Judge D. Brooks Smith. It received a generally positive review in the Wall Street Journal.In July 2010, Jeffrey Lord claimed that the “lynching” of a relative of Shirley Sherrod is fallacious.In August 2011, Jeffrey Lord wrote an article in The American Spectator that was critical of Congressman Ron Paul (R-Tex.), and the views of some of Ron Paul’s supporters. It sparked considerable debate within the conservative movement.In May 2012, Jeffrey Lord wrote an article in The American Spectator that compared President Barack Obama to Mao Zedong because of the similarities between Barack Obama’s slogan “Forward” and Chairman Mao’s Great Leap Forward.In the same article, he also compared Obama to the Hitler Youth due to their song “Vorwärts! Vorwärts!” (Forward, Forward)."@en .corpus255.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_Athletics> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Attack Athletics is a 60,000-square-foot (5,600 m2) training center that includes four NBA regulation courts, and a 1,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Chicago, Illinois. It is owned by Michael Jordan's personal trainer, Tim Grover. The facility was designed by Cornerstone Architects Ltd. in Itasca, Illinois.Attack Athletics serves as the off-season training facility to NBA players, including Dwyane Wade, Devin Harris, Gilbert Arenas, Will Bynum, Juwan Howard, Michael Finley, Jermaine O'Neal, and many others. Former Attack Athletics' clients include Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen, Charles Barkley, and Hakeem Olajuwon. Owner and CEO Tim Grover first started as Michael Jordan's personal trainer in 1989, and continued to do so for the remainder of his career.  Grover has built an impressive resume of injury prevention and rehabitilitation, most notably his work with Dwyane Wade after surgeries on his shoulder and knee in 2007.  Players including Gilbert Arenas, Shaun Livingston, Tracy McGrady, Darius Miles, and Jermaine O'Neal have all worked with Grover to rehabilitate and regain strength and explosiveness following knee surgeries.The Attack Athletics facility was the home of the PBL's Chicago Throwbacks basketball team.  It was also the location where President Barack Obama played on Election Day."@en .corpus255.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_of_Corruption> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Culture of Corruption: Obama and His Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks, and Cronies is a book written by conservative author Michelle Malkin. The book claims that the Barack Obama administration has had dozens of instances of corruption.  The title is a reference to \"culture of corruption\", a political slogan used by Democrats to refer to events that happened during the presidency of George W. Bush.The book spent six weeks at #1 on the hardcover non-fiction section of the New York Times Best Seller list.In August 2010, an updated paperback edition with three new chapters was published."@en .corpus255.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Kendall_III> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Frank Kendall III (born January 26, 1949) is an American lawyer serving under President Barack Obama and Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel as the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics.Kendall is a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point. Commissioned in the US Army, he served in Germany during the 1970s before transferring to the Army Reserve, during which time he also lectured at the West Point. He resigned commission as a Lieutenant Colonel.He also holds a Master's degree in aeronautical engineering from California Institute of Technology, a Master of Business Administration degree (MBA) from C.W Post Center of Long Island University and a Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center. At the USMA, Kendall was a classmate of Jack Reed, who is currently serving as senior United States Senator from Rhode Island.In his civilian life Kendall has performed pro bono human rights work.According to his official DoD biography he served on the board of directors of Amnesty International, of Human Rights First and of the Tahirih Justice Center. He has traveled to the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, as a human rights observer."@en .corpus255.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_President's_Secret_Service> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In the President's Secret Service: Behind the Scenes with Agents in the Line of Fire and the Presidents They Protect is a book by New York Times bestselling author Ronald Kessler, published on August 4, 2009, detailing the United States Secret Service involvement in protecting the president of the United States. The book is based on interviews with more than 100 current and former secret service agents.The book reveals that during Barack Obama's term the threats on the life of the president have increased by 400% compared to his predecessor. Also, Obama has not given up smoking according to the agents interviewed to the book – contrary to what the public has believed after Obama said not to be smoking in the White House at the beginning of his term. The book also makes numerous other previously unpublicized allegations about the personal life of many 20th century United States presidents and their families, as related by their personal security personnel.The book was described by USA Today as a \"fascinating exposé ... high-energy read ... amusing, saucy, often disturbing anecdotes about the VIPs the Secret Service has protected and still protects ... [accounts come] directly from current and retired agents (most identified by name, to Kessler's credit) ... Balancing the sordid tales are the kinder stories of presidential humanity ... [Kessler is a] respected journalist and former Washington Post reporter ... an insightful and entertaining story.\"[14] Newsweek said of the book, \"Kessler’s such a skilled storyteller, you almost forget this is dead-serious nonfiction ... An afterword reveals new details about Kessler’s discovery of a third uninvited intruder during last year’s White House State Dinner ... The behind-the-scenes anecdotes are delightful, but Kessler has a bigger point to make, one concerning why the under-appreciated Secret Service deserves better leadership.\"[15]"@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Jacobson_(diplomat)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Cary Jacobson (born October 9, 1951) is an American lawyer who is the former United States Ambassador to Canada.A graduate of Johns Hopkins University and Georgetown University Law Center, he spent much of his career working in the Chicago offices of Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal, a major international law firm. He became a fundraiser for Barack Obama's presidential campaign in 2008, and subsequently worked on Obama's presidential transition team in the Office of Presidential Personnel.Jacobson's appointment was confirmed by the United States Senate. His confirmation hearings began on August 5, 2009 and the final confirmation occurred September 23, 2009 by unanimous consent.  His credentials were accepted by Governor General Michaëlle Jean on October 2, 2009, and he took his post as ambassador.On May 21, 2013, Jacobson announced his departure from the Embassy after nearly four years as Ambassador to Canada, effective July 15."@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orly_Taitz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Orly Taitz (born August 30, 1960) is a figure in the \"birther\" movement, which challenges whether Barack Obama is a natural-born citizen eligible to serve as President of the United States. She has also run for state-wide office in California three times and is a dentist, lawyer, and former real estate agent.  She also promotes a number of other allegations both related and unrelated to Obama, and has initiated a number of lawsuits on behalf of the \"birther\" movement."@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Greenlee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kathy J. Greenlee was appointed by U.S. President Barack Obama as the fourth Assistant Secretary for Aging at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and confirmed by the Senate in June 2009."@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Genn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Roman Genn (born May 17, 1972, Moscow) is an American artist.  He is most well known for his illustrations for the conservative magazine National Review, of which he is a contributing editor.  Genn grew up in Moscow and moved to the United States in 1991. While living in the USSR he was repeatedly arrested for publicly exhibiting anti-government caricatures.Besides the National Review, Genn's work has appeared in the Los Angeles Times, the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Washington Post, Chicago Tribune, Baltimore Sun, New York Daily News, International Herald Tribune, Newsday, Newsweek, Harper/Collins, Penguin Group (USA), Saatchi & Saatchi, TV Guide, Barron's, and The American Lawyer, among others.There was an uproar during the Clinton years when Genn depicted Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton and Al Gore on a National Review cover titled \"The Manchurian Candidates.\" Genn's covers depicting Sonia Sotomayor as a Buddha and President Barack Obama as a proctologist produced similar responses.In 2009, Genn embedded himself with the 3rd Battalion 8th Marines at Forward Operating Base Gulistan in Farah Province, central Afghanistan, where he drew sketches of that unit's actions in the Global War on Terror."@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuliano_da_Empoli> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Giuliano da Empoli is an Italian writer and journalist. Since June 2009 he has been Deputy Mayor for culture in Florence. He also functions as an executive board member at the Venice BiennaleFrom 2006 to 2008 he served as Senior Advisor to Italy’s Vice-Prime Minister and Minister of Culture, Francesco Rutelli, establishing the first Italian Design Council in Milan.Born in Paris in 1973, he grew up in several European countries, graduated in law at Sapienza University of Rome and obtained a Master’s Degree in Political Science at the Institut d'études politiques of Paris.At the age of twenty-two he published his first book \"Un grande futuro dietro di noi\" about the problems faced by the Italian youth, which sprung a national debate and led the newspaper La Stampa to designate him \"Man of the year\".Since then, he has published six more books that explore the new economy and its social and political consequences:\"La Guerra del talento\" (2000) about meritocracy and mobility in the digital economy ISBN 88-317-7401-8\"Overdose\" (2002) about information overload ISBN 88-317-7966-4\"Fuori controllo\" (2004) about the \"brazilification\" of contemporary society (translated into French by Grasset and Brazilian Portuguese by Sulina) ISBN 88-317-8659-8\"La sindrome di Meucci\" (2005) about Italy’s creative industries ISBN 88-317-8923-6\"Canton Express\" (2008), a historical travelogue (translated into Portuguese by Bertrand) ISBN 978-88-06-19212-9\"Obama, La politica nell’era di Facebook\" (2008) about Barack Obama’s election as an example of auto-biographical politicsSince 1996 he has been a regular contributor and columnist for the country’s leading printed media, including Il Corriere della Sera, La Repubblica, Il Sole 24 Ore and Il Riformista. He also hosted a weekly talk radio show on Italy’s main financial news radio, Radio 24. As an author and social commentator, he has been regularly appearing on all of the main Italian TV channels.He is member of the Italy-USA Foundation. He has been a guest speaker at numerous conferences around the world (including Sao Paulo's ESPM, Geneva's Finance Foundation, Paris' Foundation Ricard and Zurich's Club Baur au Lac) and is a member of The Travellers Club in Paris."@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Gallogly> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark Gallogly (January 18, 1957) is a managing principal, and was a founder, of the New York City based private investment firm Centerbridge Partners  He served as a Senior Managing Director of the Blackstone Group from May 1989 to September 2005.He is a member of President Barack Obama's President's Economic Recovery Advisory Board. He also serves on the advisory council of the Hamilton Project, an economic policy group at the Brookings Institution, the Columbia Business School board of overseers and the board of directors of the Dana Corporation.In January 2013, it was reported that Gallogly is considering running for Mayor of New York City. Gallogy obtained an undergraduate degree from the University of Notre Dame and an MBA from Columbia Business School in 1986."@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Roos> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Victor Roos (born February 14, 1955) was the United States Ambassador to Japan and a former technology lawyer. Before accepting the ambassadorship from President Barack Obama, Roos was the CEO of Silicon Valley-based law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati."@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Reizenstein_6-8> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The former Reizenstein School was one of the public schools in Pittsburgh Public Schools district, which was home to Schenley High School and IB World Students from 2008 to 2011.  The Reizenstein Facility was located in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh in the United States state of Pennsylvania. In 2009, the school was named after US President Barack Obama as Pittsburgh Obama 6-12, but the Obama School was moved to 515 N. Highland Avenue (40.4659°N 79.922796°W﻿ / 40.4659; -79.922796) for the 2012-2013 school year."@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2008–13_United_States_ammunition_shortage> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008-2014 United States ammunition shortage refers to a shortage of civilian small arms ammunition in the United States that started in late 2008 and continued through most or all of 2010, with an additional shortage beginning in December 2012 and continuing throughout 2013.  As of September 2011, ammunition for the most scarce calibers, .380 Auto. .45ACP, and .40 S&W pistols — once unavailable at retail stores and gun shops — were again available, but usually with only a few brands or types available.  Both firearms and ammunition began selling at a record pace after the 2008 election of President Barack Obama.  Cartridge shortages were also experienced for many other popular semiautomatic rifles and pistols. In addition, primers for handloaded ammunition were also in short supply. USA Today reported that in Wyoming, the \"run on bullets and reloading components\" reached such a \"frenzy\" that a Cheyenne retailer began rationing sales, and said she was also selling semiautomatic rifles as fast as she could put them on the shelves.After the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in December 2012, and the perceived likelihood of new firearm control laws being passed by Congress and state governments in response to the shooting, ammunition and firearms were purchased by consumers in large numbers in a pattern often termed \"panic buying\". This led to a severe shortage of ammunition for most handgun calibers and some rifle calibers (especially the previously easy-to-find and cheaply-priced .22 LR), prompting many manufacturers to drastically increase production rates at their factories. These purchase patterns continued to occur for some time after the failure in Congress to pass the aforementioned firearms laws, and as of August 2013, the rate of consumer purchases of most types of ammunition is slowly receding, but prices continue to be above those found before December 2012 and ammunition for some calibers continues to be difficult to procure."@en .corpus256.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Corr> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William V. \"Bill\" Corr (born July 21, 1948) is the Deputy Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) in President Barack Obama's administration. He was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on May 6, 2009.In his previous government service during President Bill Clinton's administration, Corr was Chief of Staff for the Secretary of HHS, Donna Shalala and chief counsel for former Senate majority leader, Tom Daschle, (D-South Dakota).Corr's appointment has been criticized by conservative publications because he worked as an anti-tobacco lobbyist as recently as September 2008, having been the executive director of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. In response to the criticism, Corr's spokesman said that in his new job, Corr would recuse himself from tobacco-related issues.As Deputy Director of HHS, Corr is responsible for many of the day-to-day operations of the department, and among other duties, is the co-chair of the Health Care Fraud Prevention & Enforcement Action Team HEAT, a task force which ferrets out Medicare fraud.Corr is a graduate of University of Virginia and the Vanderbilt School of Law."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Kunze> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Susan Marie Kunze (born June 6, 1953, in Highland Park, California) is a second and third grade teacher in Bishop, California, situated in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada. She is an author of educational books as well as a recipient of the 2008 Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching.Kunze graduated from Point Loma Nazarene University in 1975, earning a Bachelor of Arts degree and a Ryan Act Multiple Subject Credential. In 1982, she completed a Master of Education degree in Elementary Education at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.She began her career in 1977, working as a teacher at Trinity Christian School in Las Vegas, Nevada. She is currently a teacher at the Bishop Union Elementary School District in Inyo County where she has worked as a teacher since 1985.In 2001, Kunze coauthored the book, \"Ten-Minute Activities Grades 1-3\". In 2002 she wrote \"Grammar and Punctuation, Grade 2\". In 2008, she was awarded the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. She was flown to Washington, DC. and was in attendance for President Barack Obama's \"Educate to Innovate\" speech in 2010.She is married to Donald L. Kunze (born 1954)  of Van Nuys, California. She is the mother of two sons, Jonathan B. Kunze and Nicholas A. Kunze."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Crowley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeffrey S. Crowley (born c. 1965) is best known as a member of the Domestic Policy Council in the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama as the Director of the Office of National AIDS Policy (ONAP) from 2009 to 2011, tasked with coordinating the U.S. government's efforts regarding HIV/AIDS prevention, treatment and care and developing the National HIV/AIDS Strategy.Previously, Crowley was a senior scholar and researcher at the Health Policy Institute at Georgetown University where he focused on Medicare and Medicaid policy from 2000 to 2009. Prior to that time, he worked at the National Association of People with AIDS, beginning as a public policy intern in 1994, and finally serving as Deputy Executive Director for Programs in 2000.Crowley is the author of both research and consumer education publications, and has made numerous presentations on HIV/AIDS and disability issues.Crowley was raised in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He graduated from Kalamazoo College with a B.A. in chemistry, and earned a Master of Public Health degree from Johns Hopkins University. After graduation from college, Crowley served in the United States Peace Corps as a high school science teacher in Swaziland."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Romano> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lois Romano is an American journalist who recently left her position as the editorial director of POLITICO's events business. She had been instrumental in shaping live editorial programming and content for the organization's dozens of issue-driven events, as well as its largest event series, Women Rule and What Works.'  On January 6, the Washington Post announced that she will be returning to the staff as Editor of Washington Post Live. Romano spent most of her career as a national political correspondent for The Washington Post. In her years at the Post, she covered seven presidential races, served as a columnist, and was a regional correspondent based in Tulsa. On April 5, 2011, she announced that she would be leaving the Washington Post for Newsweek/ Daily Beast. On February 6, 2012, it was announced that she would leave Newsweek/DailyBeast to join Politico as a senior political reporter.  Politico was started by her former Washington Post colleagues,  John F. Harris   and  Jim VandeHei.Romano started her Post career in the paper’s Style section, writing in-depth profiles on personalities like Jesse Jackson and Gary Hart. In 2004, she traveled with and covered Sen. John Kerry during his presidential campaign.  In 2000, she wrote a seven-part biographical series for the Post's National section on George W. Bush.In 2007, a dozen women who had worked for Hillary Clinton since Bill Clinton's first presidential campaign, and were now running her presidential campaign, posed for a much talked about front page story written by Romano on \"Hillaryland\".As a regional correspondent, she covered national issues including race relations, the fall of Enron, the death penalty, and both Oklahoma City bombing trials in Denver. In addition, Romano covered congressional and gubernatorial races.In 1991, she created and designed the Post's personality column, \"The Reliable Source,\" which became a well read and high impact feature at the paper.  She was the first to report that Bill Clinton brought a high-priced Beverly Hills hairdresser onto Air Force One for a haircut.In the spring of 2008, Romano was a fellow at the Institute of Politics at Harvard College and taught a study group on the general election.  She is on the adjunct facility at American University and has taught a variety of courses, including \"How the News Media Have Shaped American History.\" In 2009, she was a fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University.After Barack Obama was elected president, she created the Post's video series \"The Obama Era: Voices of Power\" to profile American politicians who impact the political process."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_H._Díaz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Miguel Humberto Díaz is an American theologian, diplomat and commentator who served as United States Ambassador to the Holy See. He was nominated by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 5, 2009  He resigned on November 5, 2012  and was immediately named University Professor of Faith and Culture  at the University of Dayton. He was the first Hispanic U.S. Ambassador accredited to the Holy See.As ambassador, Díaz helped launch the Religion in Foreign Policy Working Group of the Secretary of State’s Strategic Dialogue with Civil Society. The Working Group facilitates regular dialogue between the U.S. foreign policy establishment and religious leaders, scholars, and practitioners worldwide on strategies to build more effective partnerships on issues such as conflict prevention, humanitarian assistance and national security.On May 5, 2014, several newspapers reported, including the Dayton Daily News, that Diaz had been investigated for sexual harassment at the University of Dayton in July 2013.  Diaz was accused of sexually harassing a married couple who also are professors at the University of Dayton.  According to the published story, Diaz was \"found to have likely engaged in 'unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature' toward the married couple.\" The allegation was outlined in confidential letters to the alleged victims from University Provost Joseph Saliba and the University's general counsel.  The general counsel concluded that there was reasonable cause to believe, based on a preponderance of evidence, that federal law was violated.On May 20, 2014, Loyola University Chicago announced that they intended to hire Diaz as a professor despite the University of Dayton harassment allegation. A spokesman for Loyola said in an email, “We have reviewed the allegations raised against Miguel Diaz and our offer to him stands.” He will become a professor at Loyola on July 1, 2014."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anju_Bhargava> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anju Bhargava, a management consultant, is a member of President Barack Obama's inaugural Advisory Council on Faith Based and Neighborhood Partnership. She is an American Hindu of Indian Heritage."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctors_for_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Doctors for America is a national movement of physicians and medical students in the United States with a stated goal of improving affordable health care access. The movement was started in 2008 as \"Doctors for Obama\" and rapidly grew to 10,000 members within a few months.The group stated that it had a membership of 15,000 and a presence in all 50 states in September 2009. The \"four policy pillars\" of the organization are expanding health insurance to all Americans; ensuring high-quality 21st-century care; expanding access to care; and improving practice environments for physicians in order to help them focus on improving patient care. The organization partnered with the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Medical Student Association, the American College of Physicians, the American Osteopathic Association, and other organizations to promote health reform legislation in Congress to issue an July 30, 2009 open letter to all members of Congress publicly announcing their support for health reform legislation.Some commentators stated that this large coalition of doctors (the organizations collectively represented nearly 450,000) provided an important counterweight to the American Medical Association's organization's initial opposition to health reform in 2009; later AMA statements supported health reform in principle.Doctors for America also organized a website, Voices of Physicians (www.voicesofphysicians.org), which allowed physicians to publicize their frustrations with the current health system and their recommendations for improvement, and organized house meetings of physicians across the country to talk about health reform, and interactive web talks with figures such as Jacob Hacker and Howard Dean, and participated in White House meetings on health reform.On 14 November 2013, the co-founder and president of Doctors for America, Dr. Vivek Murthy, was nominated by U.S. President Barack Obama to be the Surgeon General of the United States."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Troutman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kathryn Kraemer Troutman (born October 5, 1947) is an American author, consultant, and career trainer who assists job seekers interested in working for the U.S. government. She is the founder and president of The Resume Place, Inc. (est. 1971), a service business and website located in Baltimore, MD that consults on, writes and designs federal and private-sector resumes.Troutman has been described in the media as an expert on the Federal Resume, on Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities statements, and on federal career consulting in general. She has worked in this field since 1971 and has published seven books on these subjects. Troutman was quoted in the media after the November 2008 election of Barack Obama on how to get a job in the Obama Administration, and published a book with the same name shortly afterwards.She is the author of Ten Steps to a Federal Job: How to Get a Job in the Obama Administration (2008). The first edition of the Ten Steps book (2001) was honored as the Best Career Guide of 2003 by the Publishers Marketing Association.Other Troutman federal career publications include \"Writing Your NSPS Self-Assessment\" (2nd edition), \"The Jobseeker's Guide,\" \"The Student’s Federal Career Guide,\" \"Creating Your High School Resume,\" and \"The Military to Federal Career Guide.\"  These books have been included in the EBSCO Publishing electronic library database.Troutman has appeared online, in print and on radio and television to answer questions about Federal careers, resume writing and job search techniques. Troutman has appeared repeatedly on www.washingtonpost.com’s Federal Diary Live On-Line, www.federalnewsradio.com, and www.fedmanager.com, and has led workshops on Federal Resumes and KSAs for 40Plus of Greater Washington.Troutman is a member of the Career Management Alliance, and the SmartBrief on Workforce Advisory Board."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Golden_(radio_personality)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Golden, under the pseudonym \"Bo Snerdley,\" serves as call screener, producer, and engineer for the syndicated Rush Limbaugh radio talk show. Since 2001 he has been a Producer/Executive for Premiere Radio Networks, the largest radio syndication company in the United States.Although Golden works from a control booth off the air, a 2008 New York Times Magazine profile of Limbaugh reported that during the show, Golden \"banters with and occasionally badgers Limbaugh via an internal talk-back circuit.\" On occasion, Golden has been accorded airtime on the program. In February 2008, Golden, who is black, was assigned (as Snerdley) a satirical cameo role by Limbaugh as the show's Official Criticizer of Barack Obama (\"certified black enough to criticize\"); the role has become an irregular recurring feature. He is a Senior Partner of Golden Creative Communications, LLC.In his early twenties, Golden worked at radio station WWRL as a Marketing and Research director, and later served as the radio station's first Music Research director.  From 1992 to 1998, Golden co-hosted (with Joel Santisteban) a political call-in show, James and Joel, on WABC radio in New York. From 1998 to 2001, Golden served as Vice-President for Programming at Talkspot.com, where he also hosted two internet radio programs. He occasionally contributes written political commentary online.Golden was part of the production team on the Rush Limbaugh television program, which aired from 1992 through 1996.He attended City University of New York-Queens College from 1973 to 1976."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Choice_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Community Choice Act is a proposed United States federal legislative initiative.  The act has been advanced by disabled people and their allies, as well as Senate and House co-sponsors, to ensure that people eligible for care in a nursing home are also eligible to receive attendant care in their private homes, under a movement known as community-assisted living, or independent living, in which people with disabilities or the elderly live in their own homes with community \"supports\".The American Medical Association supported the bill in 2007, as did then Senator Barack Obama. As President, there was a strong statement of support on the White House website. It was re-worded to remove mention of the \"Community Choice Act\" shortly after a meeting with ADAPT, contrary to their wishes.One can find a separate legislative effort in the healthcare reform bill of 2009 in the House commonly confused with the Community Choice Act. The CLASS Act would allow more disabled people to receive social security benefits if they paid into it for 5 years, shorter than an able-bodied person must pay in, but still doing nothing to address the need for personal care attendant protection so that people do not need nursing home services."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Scheiner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dr. David Scheiner (born 1938) is an American physician and activist, noted for his efforts in advocating for single-payer health care in the United States. He was United States President Barack Obama's personal physician from 1987 till 2008 while he was based in Chicago, and is a leading member of Physicians for a National Health Program (PNHP)."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwaku_Alston> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kwaku Alston is an American photographer. His editorial work has been featured in The New York Times Magazine, Rolling Stone, Time, Men’s Health, Essence, and Men’s Journal, among many others. He has photographed ads for a wide range of clients, including Coca-Cola, BlackBerry, Target, and Verizon. He has also photographed President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama on several occasions, including for Essence. Alston is based in Venice, California, and is represented by Stockland Martel."@en .corpus257.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalia_Mogahed> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dalia Mogahed (born 1974) is an American scholar of Egyptian origin. She is President and CEO of Mogahed Consulting, a Washington, D.C.-based executive coaching and consulting firm specializing in Muslim societies and the Middle East. Mogahed is former Executive Director of the Gallup Center for Muslim Studies, a non-partisan research center that provided data and analysis to reflect the views of Muslims all over the world. She was selected as an advisor by U.S. President Barack Obama on the White House Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships."@en .corpus258.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Eacho> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Carlton Eacho, III is the former United States Ambassador to Austria. Eacho was nominated by President Barack Obama in June 2009. He was confirmed by the US Senate and sworn in during August 2009. He succeeded David F. Girard-diCarlo  as ambassador in 2009 and was succeeded by Alexa Wesner in September 2013. Eacho presently is a co-founder of The Partnership For Responsible Growth, a bipartisan organization advocating for US legislation for revenue-neutral fees on carbon.In 2014, Eacho became a Visiting Professor of the Practice at the Sanford School of Public Policy at Duke University. In 2013, Ambassador Eacho joined the Center for Transatlantic Relations as a Distinguished Fellow, as well as Visiting Scholar at the Johns Hopkins University Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies, with an expertise in global energy, environment, and security issues. He also serves on the Energy and Security Task Force of the International Peace Institute]."@en .corpus258.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Benenson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joel Benenson (born July 24, 1952) is an American pollster and consultant known for his leading role as a senior strategist for Barack Obama's 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns."@en .corpus259.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_People:_The_Election_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "By the People: The Election of Barack Obama is a 2009 documentary film produced by Edward Norton broadcast in November 2009 on HBO, which follows Barack Obama and various members of his campaign team, including David Axelrod, through the two years leading up to the United States presidential election on November 4, 2008.Proceeds from the sale of the soundtrack of this film went to United Way and Enterprise Community Partners. Both organizations will put the funds toward rebuilding efforts in the Gulf Coast region."@en .corpus259.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/PolitiFact.com> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "PolitiFact.com is a project operated by the Tampa Bay Times, in which reporters and editors from the Times and affiliated media outlets \"fact-check statements by members of Congress, the White House, lobbyists and interest groups\". They publish original statements and their evaluations on the PolitiFact.com website, and assign each a \"Truth-O-Meter\" rating.  The ratings range from \"True\" for completely accurate statements to \"Pants on Fire\" (from the taunt \"Liar, liar, pants on fire\") for false and ridiculous claims.The site also includes an \"Obameter\", tracking President Barack Obama's performance with regard to his campaign promises, and a \"GOP Pledge-O-Meter\", which tracks promises made by House Republicans in their \"Pledge to America\". PolitiFact.com's local affiliates keep similar track of statements and figures of regional relevance, as evidenced by PolitiFact Tennessee's \"Haslam-O-Meter\" tracking Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam's efforts.PolitiFact has been both praised and criticized by independent observers, conservatives and liberals alike.  Conservative bias and liberal bias have been alleged, and criticisms have been made of attempts to fact-check statements that cannot be truly \"fact-checked\"."@en .corpus259.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_awards_and_nominations_received_by_Lady_Gaga> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lady Gaga is an American singer and songwriter who has received awards and nominations for her contributions to the music industry. Born and raised in New York City, Lady Gaga came to prominence as recording artist following the release of her debut album The Fame (2008). Nominated for a total of six Grammy Awards, the album retrieved Best Electronic/Dance Album while its single \"Poker Face\" won Best Dance Recording in 2010. Both singles \"Just Dance\" and \"Poker Face\" proved to be the biggest critical hits of the album but the music video for \"Paparazzi\" introduced her to success at the MTV Video Music Awards (VMAs), winning two of its five nominations in 2009. Gaga has since become the second artist with most wins overall at the VMAs, with a total of 13, including Video of the Year, Best New Artist and Best Female Video for two consecutive years.Her EP, The Fame Monster (2009) included the hit singles \"Bad Romance\" and \"Telephone\" whose music videos induced the receipt of 8 MTV Video Music Awards out of 13 nominations in 2010. In 2011, The Fame Monster won Best Pop Vocal Album out of its six Grammy nominations while its single \"Bad Romance\" won Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and Best Short Form Music Video. Born This Way (2011), her second album, accrued three nominations at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards including her third-consecutive nomination for Album of the Year and second-consecutive nomination for Best Pop Vocal Album. Gaga's single \"You and I\" also  earned her a nomination for Best Pop Solo Performance. Alongside these musical successes, Gaga herself has earned several awards and nominations for her artistic and philanthropic efforts to society. Her women perfume FAME has also won multiple awards. Lady Gaga also set world records on Guinness World Records for outstanding chart performances of her albums and singles and being a social media superstar.Lady Gaga was also acknowledged by top business and news magazine companies in United States. According to the Forbes, Gaga was 2013's Most Powerful Musician, by earning $80 million; the magazine also factored her massive social media presence. Time listed her as the Second Most Influential People of the Decade, beating Barack Obama, Oprah Winfrey, and J.K. Rowling."@en .corpus259.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Nurseries> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Moon Nurseries is a wholesale nursery located in Chesapeake City, Maryland, USA. Moon grows different varieties of B&B (balled and burlapped) trees, shrubs, and container plants including grasses, roses and perennials.Over 50,000 trees and 400,000 container plants of new and old plant varieties are being sold and grown every year. The nursery has 365 greenhouses, all of which are 450 feet long. The lining out stock or field stock is purchased from nurseries like J. Frank Schmidt & Son in Boring, Oregon, and other similar growers.Moon's stock is sold to wholesale customers only and not to mass merchandisers or chain stores. Moon Banks on Quality, Reputation.Moon Nurseries is the member of AMERICAN NURSERY & LANDSCAPE ASSOCIATION (ANLA) and Mark A. Brinsky of Moon is among the board of directors under Landscape Distribution Division of ANLA.The nursery company is also a member of Pennsylvania Landscape and Nursery Association (PLNA), Delaware Nursery & Landscape Association (DNLA), Maryland Nursery and Landscape Association (MNLA) and American Society of Landscape Architects (ASLA)The tree selected for the President Inaugural ceremony 2009 for President Elect Barack Obama was a White Oak, Quercus alba, purchased from Moon Nurseries of Maryland’s Eastern shore. The tree planting ceremony took place at the Mt Zion Cemetery in Washington DC, on January 19, 2009 to commemorate Martin Luther King Jr.’s birthday.The nursery provided hundreds of trees and shrubs to Delaware Valley College. John Pursell, the president of Moon Nurseries is an alumnus from Class of 1981. Moon is listed among the career day companies of 2009 in Delaware Valley College.The company participated as an exhibitor in MANTS 2009. Pennsylvania College of Technology has approved Moon Nurseries as an internship employerMoon Nurseries is a registered supplier and certified vendor with the state of Delaware for bioretention soil mixture. Moon Nurseries also carries a full line of local vegetation for bioretention plantings, including moisture and flood-resistant grasses, shrubs and canopy trees.In early 2008, Moon Nurseries submitted samples of its bioretention soil mixture (BSM) to a DNREC approved laboratory (Duffield Associates, Consultants in the Geosciences) to obtain certification of its biosoil medium.  Laboratory testing was performed on a representative sample of biofiltration soil to evaluate general conformance of the sample provided with DNREC – Soil and Water Conservation Division’s requirements for biofiltration soil. The laboratory concluded that all Mix Components, Sand Gradation, and Infiltration Rate met or exceeded the DNREC required standards. Moon Nurseries has been a reliable, certified supplier of bioretention soil to the Delaware area ever since. Customers can contact them for low-impact development or stormwater management needs.These are some of the recommended plants for Bio Retention Planting:Acer rubrum Red Maple, Clethra alnifolia Sweet Pepperbush, Betula nigra River Birch, Cornus sericea Red Osier dogwood."@en .corpus259.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010_State_of_the_Union_Address> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2010  State of the Union Address was given by United States President Barack Obama on January 27, 2010, to a joint session of Congress. It was aired on all the major networks starting at 9 pm ET. It was Obama's first State of the Union Address, though the president did give a non-State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress a month after taking office in 2009.The speech was delivered in the United States House of Representatives in the United States Capitol. The presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives, Vice President Joe Biden (as Senate President) and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi sat behind the president.The theme for President Obama’s speech was “Rescue, Rebuild, Restore – a New Foundation for Prosperity”. Among the topics that Obama covered in his speech were proposals for job creation and federal deficit reduction.Newly inaugurated Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell delivered the Republican response following the speech from the floor of the House of Delegates at the Virginia State Capitol in front of over 300 people."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_female_United_States_Cabinet_Secretaries> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Cabinet has had 31 female officers. No woman held a Cabinet position before the ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1920, which prohibits states and the federal government from denying any citizen the right to vote because of that citizen's sex.Frances Perkins was the first woman to serve in the Cabinet; she was appointed Secretary of Labor in 1933 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Oveta Culp Hobby became the second woman to serve in the Cabinet, when she was named head of the then newly formed Department of Health, Education, and Welfare in 1953. This department was subdivided into the departments of Education and Health and Human Services in 1979. Patricia Roberts Harris, who was Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare before the department split and had earlier served as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in 1977, became the first female Secretary of Health and Human Services in 1979. Harris was also the first African-American woman to serve in the Cabinet.Former North Carolina Senator Elizabeth Dole is the first woman to have served in two different Cabinet positions in two different administrations. She was appointed by President Ronald Reagan as Secretary of Transportation in 1983, and was the Secretary of Labor during the tenure of George H. W. Bush—Reagan's successor. Czechoslovakia-born Madeleine Albright became the first foreign-born woman to serve in the Cabinet when she was appointed Secretary of State in 1997. Her appointment also made her the highest-ranking female Cabinet member at that time. Condoleezza Rice was appointed Secretary of State in 2005, and thus became the highest-ranking woman in the United States presidential line of succession in history. In 2006, Nancy Pelosi replaced Rice as the highest-ranking woman in line when she was elected Speaker of the House.In 2009, President Barack Obama named four women to the Cabinet—former Arizona governor Janet Napolitano as Secretary of Homeland Security, former First Lady and New York Senator Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State, former California Representative Hilda Solis as Secretary of Labor, and former Kansas governor Kathleen Sebelius as Secretary of Health and Human Services. Clinton became the only First Lady to serve in the Cabinet and the third female Secretary of State. Napolitano became the first female Secretary of Homeland Security.    President Barack Obama has appointed eight women to Cabinet-level positions, the most of any Presidency.The Department of Labor has had the most female Secretaries with seven. The Department of Health and Human Services has had five, the departments of State and Commerce have had three, and the departments of Education, Housing and Urban Development and Transportation have each had two. The defunct Department of Health, Education, and Welfare has also had two female Secretaries. The three departments of Defense, Treasury, and Veterans Affairs are the only existing Cabinet departments that have not had women Secretaries."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Fly_List> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The No Fly List is a list, created and maintained by the United States government's Terrorist Screening Center (TSC), of people who are not permitted to board a commercial aircraft for travel in or out of the United States. The list has also been used to divert away from U.S. airspace aircraft not flying to or from the U.S. The number of people on the list rises and falls according to threat and intelligence reporting. As of 2011, the list contained about 10,000 names. In 2012, the list more than doubled in size, to about 21,000 names. In August 2013, a leak revealed that more than 47,000 people were on the list.  The list — along with the Secondary Security Screening Selection, which tags would-be passengers for extra inspection — was created after the September 11 attacks in 2001.The No Fly List is different from the Terrorist Watch List, a much longer list of people said to be suspected of some involvement with terrorism. The Terrorist Watch List contained around 1,000,000 names by March 2009.The list has been criticized on civil liberties and due process grounds, due in part to the potential for ethnic, religious, economic, political, or racial profiling and discrimination. It has also raised concerns about privacy and government secrecy. Finally, it has been criticized as costly, prone to false positives, and easily defeated.The No Fly List, the Selectee List and the Terrorist Watchlist were created by the administration of George W. Bush and retained by the administration of Barack Obama.  U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) said in May 2010:  “The no-fly list itself is one of our best lines of defense.”"@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Hull> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "M. Blair Hull (born September 3, 1942) is an American businessman, investor, Democratic politician, and philanthropist.Hull founded Hull Trading Company in 1985 and served as the firm’s Chairman and chief executive officer before selling it to Goldman Sachs in 1999 for $531 million.  The company, which leveraged technological innovations and quantitative models, was one of the world's premier market-making firms, trading on 28 exchanges in nine countries.Hull went on to found Matlock Capital, and is now founder and managing partner of Ketchum Trading, LLC, a proprietary trading firm that trades and provides liquidity in futures, options, cash equities and exchange-traded funds.Trader Monthly recognized him for having executed one of “The 40 Greatest Trades of All Time,” and Worth Magazine named him one of “Wall Street’s 25 Smartest Players.”  Hull has also been honored by The Options Industry Council as the 2014 recipient of the \"Joseph W. Sullivan Options Industry Achievement Award\" in recognition of his outstanding lifetime contributions to the growth and integrity of the U.S. options market.A longtime political activist and donor, Blair Hull sought the Illinois Democratic Party’s nomination as candidate for the U.S. Senate in 2004 as a champion of universal healthcare and efficiency in government.  Barack Obama ultimately won that primary.  Blair Hull remains active in the political arena as both an activist and donor, and is a partner in the Democracy Alliance."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_(mascot)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mozilla was the mascot of the now disbanded Netscape Communications Corporation and subsequently the Mozilla Foundation.Mozilla took the form of a green and purple cartoon lizard. Programmer Jamie Zawinski came up with the name during a meeting while working at the company. Mozilla was designed by Dave Titus in 1994.The name \"Mozilla\" was already in use at Netscape as the codename for Netscape Navigator 1.0. The name stood for \"Mosaic killer\", as the company's goal was to displace NCSA Mosaic as the world's number one web browser. Initially the mascot took various forms, including that of a helmeted astronaut or \"spaceman\", but the eventual choice of a Godzilla-like lizard which went well with the theme of crushing the competition, especially because of the similarity between the names.Mozilla featured prominently on Netscape's web site in the company's early years. However, the need to project a more \"professional\" image (especially towards corporate clients) led to his being removed. Mozilla continued to be used inside Netscape, though, often featuring on T-shirts given to staff or on artwork adorning the walls of the Netscape campus in Mountain View.The name \"Mozilla\" later became more prominent when it was used for the open source browser of the same name. With the launch of the mozilla.org web site in 1998, the mascot was redesigned as a larger, fiercer red Tyrannosaurus rex. The new design was by Shepard Fairey of \"Obey Giant\" and Barack Obama \"Hope\" poster fame.When Netscape acquired the website directory NewHoo in 1998, they rebranded it the Open Directory Project with the nickname \"DMOZ\" (Directory of Mozilla) due to its similarity to the Mozilla project. A green and purple image of Mozilla was placed on every page of the site, which remains the case today, despite Netscape's disbanding after its acquisition by AOL.The mascot has since been \"retired from active duty\", removed from official Mozilla branding and replaced by the current Mozilla wordmark, set in Meta Bold typeface."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kal_Penn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kal Penn (born Kalpen Suresh Modi; April 23, 1977) is an American actor, producer, and civil servant.As an actor, he is known for his role portraying Dr. Lawrence Kutner on the television program House, as well as the character Kumar Patel in the Harold & Kumar film series. He is also recognized for his performance in the critically acclaimed film, The Namesake. Additionally, Penn has taught at the University of Pennsylvania in the Cinema Studies Program as a visiting lecturer.On April 8, 2009, it was announced that Penn would join the Obama administration as an Associate Director in the White House Office of Public Engagement. This necessitated that his character, Lawrence Kutner, be written out of the TV series House. Penn resigned his post as Barack Obama's Associate Director of Public Engagement on June 1, 2010, for a brief return to his acting career. He filmed the third installment of the Harold & Kumar series, A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas, and subsequently returned to the White House Office of Public Engagement as an Associate Director. In July 2011, he again left the White House to accept a role in the hit television series How I Met Your Mother."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Martin_(journalist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Roland Sebastian Martin (born November 14, 1968) is an American journalist and syndicated columnist with Creators Syndicate and author. He is a commentator for TV One and the host of News One Now, a one-hour weekday morning news show on the network.He was also a CNN contributor, appearing on a variety of shows, including The Situation Room, Anderson Cooper's AC360, and many others. In October 2008, he joined the Tom Joyner Morning Show as senior analyst.Books authored by Martin include Speak, Brother! A Black Man's View of America, Listening to the Spirit Within: 50 Perspectives on Faith and The First: President Barack Obama's Road to the White House as originally reported by Roland S. Martin."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Salazar> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kenneth Lee \"Ken\" Salazar (/ˈsæləzɑr/; born March 2, 1955) served as the 50th United States Secretary of the Interior, in the administration of President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously served as a United States Senator from Colorado from 2005 to 2009. He and Mel Martinez (R-Florida) were the first Hispanic U.S. Senators since 1977; they were joined by Bob Menendez (D-New Jersey) in January 2006. Prior to his election to the U.S. Senate, he served as Attorney General of Colorado from 1999 to 2005.On December 17, 2008, President-elect Obama announced he would nominate Salazar as U.S. Secretary of the Interior. The environmentalist movement's reaction to this nomination was mixed.  Previously, Salazar supported the nomination of Gale Norton to Secretary of the Interior, President George W. Bush's first appointee who preceded Salazar as Colorado Attorney General. On January 20, 2009, Salazar was confirmed by unanimous consent in the Senate.On January 16, 2013, it was reported that Salazar planned to resign his post as Secretary of the Interior in March, 2013, but his resignation was delayed pending Senate confirmation of his successor, Sally Jewell. On June 10, 2013 he became a partner in the major international law firm of WilmerHale, and was charged with opening a Denver office for the firm."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Gregoire> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Christine O'Grady Gregoire (/ˈɡrɛɡwɑr/; born March 24, 1947) is an American politician who served as the 22nd Governor of the state of Washington from 2005 to 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, Gregoire defeated Republican candidate Dino Rossi in 2004 and again in 2008. She is the second female governor of Washington. She was the National Governors Association chairwoman for the 2010–11 term. After she left the governorship, some sources reported that she was being considered for a position in Barack Obama's cabinet in his second term, possibly in the State Department, or as United States Secretary of the Interior. However, John Kerry became the United States Secretary of State, while Sally Jewell was nominated for the position of Interior Secretary."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_and_Lee_Mock_Convention> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Washington and Lee Mock Convention is a simulated presidential nominating convention and is held once every four years, during the early stages of the U.S. Presidential Primary, at Washington and Lee University.  Although Oberlin College has the distinction of having the oldest student-run mock political convention in the country, W&L's convention has the reputation for being the most accurate. It often receives gavel-to-gavel coverage on C-SPAN.Since its inception in 1908, the student body has been correct 18 out of 24 times, with only three incorrect predictions since 1948.The 2008 Mock Convention projected Hillary Rodham Clinton as the Democratic nominee for that election year.  The Mock Convention was mistaken, however, as Barack Obama was eventually elected as the nominee. The 2012 Mock Convention projected Mitt Romney as the Republican nominee."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye_Bye_(TV_series)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bye Bye is a Québécois New Year's Eve sketch comedy special broadcast by Radio-Canada. The yearly program features sketches satirizing the past year's events, followed by a countdown to the next year itself. Originally beginning in 1968, Bye Bye '98 was the final edition of its first run, until the show was revived by the comedy troupe Rock et Belles Oreilles, who produced the 2006 and 2007 editions of the show.In 2008, it was announced that Véronique Cloutier and Louis Morissette would take over the program for its 2008 edition. However, this edition provoked controversy over certain sketches that viewers found to be derogatory and racist; such a sketch about the assassination of then-American president-elect Barack Obama, and a sketch making fun of anglophones. The network received 1,300 complaints from viewers about the content in the special, which led to Cloutier making a public apology stating that the sketches were supposed to criticize racism rather than promote it.As a result of the controversy, a 2009 edition was not produced, but despite the controversy surrounding their edition, Cloutier and Morissette announced that they would return to produce a 2010 edition of Bye Bye."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaci_Kullmann_Five> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Karin Cecilie (Kaci) Kullmann Five (born 13 April 1951) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.She was born Karin Cecilie Kullmann in Bærum and was educated in law, French language and political science (cand.polit.) at University of Oslo in 1981. Before Kullmann entered politics she was a consultant in the Norwegian Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise, NHO.She was member of the municipal council of Bærum 1975-1981 and served then as deputy leader in the Executive Committee for Education. From 1977 to 1979 she was the first female leader of the Norwegian Young ConservativesShe was a member of the Norwegian parliament, the Storting 1981-1997 and was Deputy Chairman of the Parliament 1985-1986 and Deputy Chairman of the Conservative Opposition 1986-1989, and again 1990-1991. From 1982 to 1988 she also served as Deputy Party Chairman. Kullmann was Minister of Trade and Shipping Cabinet Syse from 1989 to 1990. In 1991 she was elected chairman of the Conservative Party, succeeding Jan P. Syse, but resigned after only four years in 1994.After leaving parliament in 1997 Kullmann has been a Managing Director in Aker RGI and since 2002 as advisor. She is member of the Board of Directors in Statoil, Norway's largest oil company, in Scheiblers Legacy and in SOS Kinderdorf Norway and Head of the Board of Directors of the Radio Channel P4. Kullmann is married to Carsten O. Five, former editor of the magazine Dine Penger (Your Money).As a member of the five-member Norwegian Nobel Committee, she is responsible for the decisions to award Nobel Peace Prize to individuals such as U.S. president Barack Obama and former U.S. vice-president Al Gore."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Memorial> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Liberty Memorial, located at the National World War I Museum in Kansas City, Missouri, USA, is a memorial to service men and women who served in World War I. Fundraising began October, 1919 and groundbreaking commenced on November 1, 1921 when the city held a site dedication. The memorial was completed and dedicated on November 11, 1926.On September 21, 2006, Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne declared Liberty Memorial a National Historic Landmark. On December 19, 2014, President Barack Obama signed legislation recognizing the Liberty Memorial as a national memorial."@en .corpus26.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Citizens_Party> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United Citizens Party (UCP) was first organized in 1969 in the U.S. state of South Carolina in response to the state Democratic Party's opposition to nominating black candidates.  The party's objective was to elect blacks to the legislature and local offices in counties with black majority populations. The party ran candidates in 1970 and 1972; as a result in 1970 the first three black candidates were elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives since Reconstruction.  In South Carolina, as in New York and unlike most other states, a single candidate may be nominated by two or more legally separate political parties.  This practice is called electoral fusion.  In the past, several South Carolina state legislators, who concurrently served as Democrats, were cross-endorsed by the United Citizens Party.  Other political parties that have practiced fusion include the New York Conservative Party, the Working Families Party of New York and the Liberal Party of New York. The American Labor Party was a historically important party in New York State which both practiced fusion and elected candidates independently. Since the opening up of the state Democratic Party to black candidates, the party has mainly served as a means for various third party candidates to appear on the South Carolina Presidential ballot.  For a period of time in the 1990s the party used the name Patriot Party before returning to its original and current name [1].In 1996, Ross Perot was the nominee of both the Reform Party (which yielded 27,464 votes) and the United Citizens Party then known as the [2] Patriot Party (36,913 votes).In the 2000 election, the UCP nominated Ralph Nader for President in South Carolina.  He received 20,279 votes or about 1.46% of the total 1,384,253. In the 2002 election for the Second Congressional District in South Carolina, Mark Whittington received 17,189 votes or 10.03% of the total, after picketing the national headquarters of the Bank of America in Charlotte, NC.In 2004, the UCP chose to nominate the Socialist Party candidate Walt Brown for President.  Brown received 2,124 votes or about 0.13% of the total 1,617,730.  Ralph Nader appeared on the South Carolina ballot as an independent, receiving 5520 votes or 0.34%. David Cobb appeared on the new South Carolina Green Party ballot line and received 1488 votes or 0.09% of the statewide total.In 2006, the Party endorsed John \"JC\" Nellums for State House District 79 (Kershaw, Richland), and did not cross-endorse candidates of any other party.On March 29, 2008, the party endorsed Barack Obama via convention for the 2008 presidential election,  but the nomination was not accepted.  Obama appeared on the ballot as solely as the candidate of the Democratic Party.On the November 2014 ballot, David Edmond is running for Commissioner of Agriculture on the United Citizens party."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Country_Deserves_Better_PAC> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Our Country Deserves Better PAC (OCDB) is a political action committee (PAC) formed in August 2008 to oppose the election of Democratic Party presidential candidate Barack Obama.  The organization, based in Sacramento, California, is one of the largest conservative PACs in the United States.  Its current mission is to challenge President Obama and the Democratic-controlled Congress for their stance on raising taxes on the wealthy, health care, national defense, energy policy, immigration, and judicial appointments, as well as defeat the election of liberal Democratic candidates."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabra_(company)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sabra Dipping Company, LLC is a U.S.-based company which produces Middle Eastern-style food products, including hummus, eggplant dip, baba ghanoush, and Mediterranean salsa. All Sabra products are certified kosher and vegetarian, and are available throughout the U.S. and Canada. As of 2008, the company held a 34.7% market share for Mediterranean salads, dips and spreads.The company was founded in 1986 as Sabra-Blue & White Foods. The company was bought in 2005 by Israeli food manufacturer Strauss. In March 2008, Strauss entered a joint-venture partnership with Frito-Lay, a division of the multinational PepsiCo corporation. Strauss owns 50% and PepsiCo 50% of the company. In November 2008, the company announced the construction of a new US$61 million plant in Chesterfield County, Virginia, expected to employ 260 people and come on line in mid-2010. The company grew over 50% between August 2008 and August 2009.During the run-up to the 2008 U.S. presidential election, Sabra commissioned sculptor Kirk Rademaker to create busts of candidates John McCain, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton out of 100 pounds of hummus.Sabra launched its first U.S. national advertising campaign in March 2009, with the StrawberryFrog ad agency. In May 2009, the company began a series of promotional events in which it recreated \"Mediterranean villages\" in 11 major U.S. cities.In November 2009, Gadi Lesin, President and CEO of the Strauss group, announced that the market share of the Sabra Dipping Company had reached 40% in the United States, making it the largest hummus manufacturer in the world."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Promotion_Act_of_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Travel Promotion Act of 2009 (Pub.L. 111–145, Sec. 9) is a law creating the Corporation for Travel Promotion, a public-private partnership tasked with promoting tourism in the United States. To fund the Corporation's activities, the Act provides for a fee of $10 for use of the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA). Additionally, the Act authorizes a further charge to recover the costs of providing and administrating the ESTA.The House passed the bill by a vote of 358-66 in October 2009, and the Senate followed on February 25, 2010 with a vote of 78-18. President Barack Obama signed the bill into law on March 4, 2010.U.S. Customs and Border Protection have announced they will level an additional $4 fee (bringing the total to $14) for visitors to the United States for the cost of administering the ESTA.The reactions of the European Union have been critical and suggestions of a similar fee have been raised on grounds of reciprocity."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_speech_to_joint_session_of_Congress,_September_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "United States President Barack Obama discussed his plan for health care reform in a speech delivered to a joint session of the 111th United States Congress on September 9, 2009 at 8:00 PM (EDT).  The speech was delivered to Congress on the floor of the chamber of the United States House of Representatives in the United States Capitol. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi presided over the joint session and was accompanied by the President of the United States Senate, Joe Biden, the Vice President of the United States. Energy Secretary Steven Chu was chosen as the designated survivor and did not attend the speech."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/IWantGreatCare> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "iWantGreatCare.org is a service which allows NHS and private health care patients to rate individual GPs and hospital doctors on the care they provide.Launched in July 2008, the service was founded by Dr. Neil Bacon FRCP, the founder of Doctors.net.uk, the largest independent online network of doctors in the UK. The company collects information from patients regarding the quality of care they have received from their doctor and other healthcare professionals, and believes that the capture of real-time patient feedback and experiences will lead to a higher level of healthcare in the UK.  The controversial launch evoked outrage from some UK doctors against a system of collecting feedback on the care they provide to patients. In November 2009, one year after its launch, the site had collected 40,000 patient reviews of GPs, which are published on its website.Rt Hon Alan Milburn, the former UK Secretary of State for Health, is the Chairman of iWant Great Care.Dr Neil Bacon is a prominent commentators on e-health and patient feedback.  In June 2012, he formed part of an exclusive UK delegation invited to Washington for the Health Datapalooza, a US health data forum attended by UK health secretary Andrew Lansley, US President Barack Obama and Jon Bon Jovi.  The discussion centred on how the two countries can work more closely to make health data a driver for innovation, economic growth and – most importantly – better care for patients."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrés_W._López> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Attorney Andrés W. López is one of six residents of Puerto Rico who serve as members of the Democratic National Committee, having been appointed by DNC Chairman and Virginia Governor Tim Kaine as an at-large member.A 1992 graduate of Harvard College, he obtained his Juris Doctor at Harvard Law School in 1995, where he was a co-founder of the Harvard Latino Law Review and chairs the Harvard Law School Latino Alumni Committee.  He clerked for two United States Judges in two districts, George A. O'Toole, Jr. in Massachusetts and Jay Garcia-Gregory in Puerto Rico.  Prior to organizing his own law firm in San Juan, Puerto Rico, López worked for the Hill & Barlow law firm in Boston and the Fiddler, González & Rodríguez law firm in San Juan.  He serves as a member of the board of the Federal Bar Association Puerto Rico chapter.An early supporter of a fellow Harvard Law School graduate, Barack Obama, he co-chaired the Illinois U.S. senator's campaign in Puerto Rico's June 1, 2008 presidential primary and served as a delegate from Puerto Rico at that year's Democratic National Convention.  On September 11, 2009 he was elected to serve as an at-large member of the DNC, at the organization's fall meeting in Austin, Texas.  Later that month, President Obama appointed López to serve as a member of the Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Museum of the American Latino.  On May 5, 2010, López appeared on CNN en Español to discuss the importance of the Cinco de Mayo holiday to all U.S. Latinos.  López was one of approximately 100 guests invited to attend President Obama's Super Bowl party at the White House on February 6, 2011.López is married, lives in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and has three sons."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_L._Bleich> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeffrey Laurence \"Jeff\" Bleich is an American lawyer and diplomat from California, and a partner at the law firm of Munger, Tolles & Olson in San Francisco. A longtime friend of President Barack Obama, Bleich joined the White House staff in March 2009 as Special Counsel to the President, and in 2009 was nominated by Obama to become United States Ambassador to Australia. Bleich served as ambassador from 2009 to 2013. After stepping down from his post, he returned to Munger, Tolles & Olson."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lanigan-Schmidt> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Thomas Lanigan-Schmidt (born 1948) is an American artist who is also a veteran of the Stonewall riots.Lanigan-Schmidt's artwork incorporates materials such as tinsel, foil, cellophane, saran wrap and glitter, embracing kitsch and intentionally tacky. His work has been compared to that of Florine Stettheimer, who used cellophane in her sets for the Gertrude Stein/Virgil Thomson opera Four Saints in Three Acts; his art was included in an exhibit of artists influenced by Stettheimer.His work has also been likened to the religious-themed tinfoil-covered thrones of art brut artist James Hampton.He is sometimes grouped with the Pattern and Decoration art movement, though he says that is \"retrospective craziness\".His art is noted for its incorporation of Catholic iconography.Joe Brainard is also cited as a forerunner with his use of decorative collage and queer and religious themes.Lanigan-Schmidt attended Pratt Institute in 1965-66, was rejected by Cooper Union, and attended School of Visual Arts.Lanigan-Schmidt began by exhibiting his art in his own apartment; an early major exhibit in 1969 was titled The Sacristy of the Hamptons. Another home exhibit was titled The Summer Palace of Czarina Tatlina.In these early home exhibits, and also in at least one later recreation of an early exhibit, he guided visitors through the exhibit in drag in character as art collector Ethel Dull.While Lanigan Schmidt's art is not widely known, he has received critical acclaim.Reasons for Thomas Lanigan-Schmidt's art not reaching a wider audience totally elude me. This is major, major work, reflecting and augmenting today's dialogue in a unique and commanding voice. Many artists, including a generation of Lanigan-Schmidt's students, have been repeatedly amazed, inspired and guided by its panache, rapier-sharp wit, subversiveness and opulent beauty.He has been referenced as an antecedent to Jeff Koons in the intentional use of kitsch in art.Lanigan-Schmidt's work has been included in major art museum survey exhibits. His art was in the 1984 Venice Biennale, and his trip there inspired his 1985 Venetian Glass Series.  His foil rats and drag queens produced in the 1970s were included in the 1995 exhibit  \"In A Different Light\" at the Berkeley Art Museum, which was curated by Lawrence Rinder and Nayland Blake. His art was included in the 1991 Whitney Biennial as well as the Whitney Museum's survey of 20th-century art, \"The American century: art & culture 1900-2000.\"Lanigan-Schmidt was an associate of the underground filmmaker Jack Smith. He participated in at least one of Smith's performances, \"Withdrawal from Orchid Lagoon\". He was interviewed in the documentary Jack Smith and the Destruction of Atlantis.Another member of Lanigan-Schmidt's circle was Charles Ludlam.Lanigan-Schmidt, who is openly gay was present at the Stonewall riots, a seminal moment in gay history, and is one of the few recognized veterans still living.Shortly after the riot started, he was photographed with a group of other young people by photographer Fred W. McDarrah.Lanigan-Schmidt appears in the film Stonewall in a documentary segment.An installation art piece by Lanigan-Schmidt, Mother Stonewall and the Golden Rats commemorated the events at the Stonewall Inn.In recognition of the 40th anniversary of the Stonewall riots, Lanigan-Schmidt was among those invited to the White House to meet with Michelle and Barack Obama.He is on the faculty of the School of Visual ArtsFrom November 18, 2012 to April 7, 2013, Lanigan-Schmidt's art was the subject of a retrospective at MoMA PS1."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxpayer_March_on_Washington> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Taxpayer March on Washington (also known as the 9/12 Tea Party) was a Tea Party protest march from Freedom Plaza to the United States Capitol that was held on September 12, 2009, in Washington, D.C. The event coincided with other similar protests organized in various cities across the nation.  The protesters rallied against what they consider big government, the dismantling of free market capitalism, abortion, and President Barack Obama's proposals on health care reform, taxation, and federal spending, among other issues.The lead organizer of the event was Brendan Steinhauser, who was serving as the Director of Federal and State Campaigns for FreedomWorks. Organizers of the event included the 9-12 Project, FreedomWorks, the National Taxpayers Union, The Heartland Institute, Americans for Tax Reform, Tea Party Patriots, and ResistNet.  The event was also promoted by Fox News commentator Glenn Beck as a symbol of what he called \"national unity\" following the eight-year anniversary of the September 11 attacks.  The march is the largest gathering of fiscal conservatives ever held in Washington, D.C., as well as the largest demonstration against President Obama's administration to date.A wide range of crowd estimates was suggested for the event, with most media sourcing the Public Information Officer of the D.C. Fire Department who unofficially estimated the attendance \"in excess of 75,000\" people. The D.C. Fire Department later released a statement saying that they do not do crowd estimates, and any crowd estimation attributed to them was false. They also stated that an early estimation of 60,000 over Twitter was for a specific area, Freedom Plaza, not the total number of participants in the event.  Event organizers also reported a range of attendance. FreedomWorks suggested between 600,000 to 800,000 participants while National Taxpayers Union said 200,000 to 300,000."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kearney_(bishop)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Kearney, D.D. (c.1742–1813) was the Church of Ireland Bishop of Ossory from 1806 to 1813.Born circa 1742 in Dublin, the son of a barber-surgeon, Kearney was elected a Scholar of Trinity College, Dublin in 1760 and a Fellow in 1764. He held the Chair of Oratory from 1781 until his appointment as Provost in July 1799. Kearney was nominated Bishop of Ossory on 4 January and appointed by letters patent on 20 January 1806. He was consecrated at Trinity College Chapel on 2 February 1806, by Charles Agar, Archbishop of Dublin, assisted by Charles Lindsay, Bishop of Kildare and Nathaniel Alexander, Bishop of Down and Connor. Kearney died in office at Kilkenny on 22 May 1813.He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in May 1806.An oil on canvas painting of him by William Cuming exists.He was a great-great-great grand uncle of Barack Obama."@en .corpus260.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_On_Pushing_(song)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Keep On Pushing\" is a 1964 single by The Impressions. The single became the group's sixth Top 40 single, and a Top 10 Pop smash, peaking at number ten. It went to number one for two weeks on the Cash Box R&B chart. It was one of the main anthems of the Civil Rights Movement in America during the turbulent 1960s and was the title song of The Impressions' Top 10 hit album, Keep On Pushing.Decades later, the song was used as the theme to the 2004 Democratic National Convention keynote address by then-Illinois State Senator Barack Obama, who endorsed U.S. Senator John Kerry for President."@en .corpus261.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_C._Szabo> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joseph C. Szabo is the twelfth and current Federal Railroad Administrator of the United States. Nominated by President Barack Obama on March 20, 2009, he was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 29, 2009.Szabo was born into a long time railroading family. He started his own railroading career in 1976 with the Illinois Central Railroad. He worked numerous positions, including as a yard switcher, road trainman and a commuter conductor. Szabo earned his Bachelor’s Degree in Labor Relations from Governors State University in 1990. He served as the United Transportation Union's State Legislative Director in 1996. In addition to railroading, he served in local politics for more than 20 years. He was mayor of Riverdale, Illinois."@en .corpus261.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_foreign_policy_of_the_Barack_Obama_administration> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For purposes of U.S. foreign policy, Europe consists of the European Union and non-EU states in Europe.President Barack Obama plans to increase American troops in Europe to their highest levels since 2003, and station more special operations aircraft and Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense System ships there to provide quick access to Africa and the Middle East."@en .corpus261.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_J._Kennedy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kevin J. Kennedy (born 1955) is an American business executive. He has been president and CEO of Avaya Inc. since January 2009.Kennedy holds a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Lehigh University and an MS and a PhD in engineering from Rutgers University and an EMBA from the University of  Michigan. Before joining the company, he was CEO of JDS Uniphase Corporation, and prior to that he had worked at AT&T Bell Laboratories, Cisco Systems where he became a Senior Vice President, and then as Chief Operating Officer of Openwave Systems. During his career he has been elected to the Board of Directors of the following companies/organizations; Agility Communications, Canary Foundation, Freescale Semiconductor,  JDS Uniphase, KLA-Tencor, Openwave, Polycom, Quantum Corporation, Rambus Synchron Networks.In 1987, he was a congressional fellow at United States House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, and in 2010 President Barack Obama appointed him to the President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.From 1982 to 1984, Kennedy was an adjunct professor at Rutgers where he published papers on computational methods, data networking, and issues of technology management.Kennedy is the author of \"Devil in the Details: The Practice of Situational Leadership\".Kennedy is the coauthor of Going the Distance: Why Some Companies Dominate and Others Fail."@en .corpus261.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Audacity_of_Hype> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Audacity of Hype is an album released on October 20, 2009 by Jello Biafra and the Guantanamo School of Medicine on Alternative Tentacles. The name is a parody of Barack Obama's book The Audacity of Hope."@en .corpus261.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arun_Majumdar> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Arun Majumdar is a materials scientist, engineer, and University of California, Berkeley graduate who was President Barack Obama's nominee for the  Under Secretary of Energy between November 30, 2011 and May 15, 2012. He formerly ran the Environmental Energy Technologies Division at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, where he was also deputy director of LBNL as well as professor of mechanical engineering at the University of California, Berkeley. He was nominated to be the first director of the U.S. Department of Energy's Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E) and appointed to that position in September 2009.On May 15, 2012, the White House withdrew Majumdar's nomination.On Dec 17, 2012, Google announced that Arun joined Google to drive Google.org’s energy initiatives and advise the company on their broader energy strategy.Arun is a leading scientist in the fields of thermoelectric materials, heat and mass transfer, thermal management, and waste heat recovery. He has published several hundred papers, patents, and conference proceedings, and is a member of the National Academy of Engineering.On August 16, 2012, Arun Majumdar co-published a paper in Nature with United States Secretary of Energy Steven Chu on Opportunities and Challenges for a Sustainable Energy Future, as well as gave a talk on the paper on the subject at Stanford University.Arun Majumdar is now the Jay Precourt Professor at Stanford University, where he serves on the faculty of the Department of Mechanical Engineering and is a Senior Fellow of the Precourt Institute for Energy. Majumdar was appointed Science Envoys of the US on 5 December 2014"@en .corpus261.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_Complete_On_Ukulele> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Beatles Complete On Ukulele is a music project by David Barratt that incorporates re-recording and re-creating all original songs The Beatles ever recorded. Each week (until 2012), TBCOU will upload a rerecorded version of an original song by The Beatles along with a comprehensive essay discussing matters pertinent to the recording. An ukulele is included in the arrangement of every song. Each song will be performed by a different guest artist and released every Tuesday at www.thebeatlescompleteonukulele.com. Artists featured so far include: Samantha Fox, Wang Chung, Nicki Richards, Victoria Vox, and many unsigned artists.\"Let It Be\" has been performed by a gospel choir with samples taken from some of President Barack Obama's speeches pasted together to form the lyrics of the song.The project begun on January 20, 2009 (the date of the inauguration of Barack Obama) and will conclude on July 31, 2012 (the eve of the London Olympics).Across the world the project has received press which is as follows: Actu24.be (Belgium) [1] Ben Walker [2] Bepguu (Ukraine) [3] Blogdopimentel (Spain) [4] BoingBoing [5] CityScoops [6] Daily Finance [7] Everything Warren Buffett [8] FDR (Ukraine) [9] Girls Inc. [10] Metro London UK [11] Music Radar [12] New York Post [13] Now Public [14] Omaha World Herald [15] Showcase [16] Ukehunt [17] Ukuleia [18] Ukulele Underground [19]↑"@en .corpus261.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billionaires_for_Wealthcare> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Billionaires for Wealthcare are a political Guerrilla theatre and  culture jamming group that is satirically opposed to U.S. President Barack Obama's attempts at healthcare reform in the United States. Their real goal is to further the cause of reform by publicly mocking the Tea Party movement and various other protesters against the president's proposed plan."@en .corpus261.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bauer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert F. Bauer is an American attorney who previously served as White House Counsel under President of the United States Barack Obama."@en .corpus261.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackass_Song> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Jackass Song is the fifth and final single released by Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am from the political compilation album Change Is Now: Renewing America's Promise. The song was released on September 17, 2009, and was based around Barack Obama's reaction following Kanye West's interruption of Taylor Swift at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. It features a sample of Kanye West's Heartless. will.i.am wrote a blog piece relating to the song, and it appeared alongside the song's music video on Dipdive."@en .corpus262.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worker,_Homeownership,_and_Business_Assistance_Act_of_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2009 (H.R. 3548) is a bill introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives of the 111th United States Congress by Congressman Jim McDermott that would give an extra 13 weeks of unemployment benefits to jobless workers in states with unemployment rates of 8.5 percent or more.On September 22, 2009, the House approved the bill by a 331-83 margin. The Senate passed the measure 98-0 on November 4, 2009, with an amendment designating the bill the Worker, Homeownership, and Business Assistance Act of 2009. The bill, as passed by the Senate, would give an extra 20 weeks of unemployment benefits to workers in states with unemployment rates over 8.5 percent, but would also give an extra 14 weeks to the 24 states with lower unemployment, in addition to extending the homebuyer's tax credit. On November 5, the House agreed to the Senate's amendment by a vote of 403-12, sending the bill to President Barack Obama's desk. President Obama signed the bill on November 6."@en .corpus262.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Guantanamo_Bay_detainees_cleared_for_release_in_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rear Admiral Thomas H. Copeman III, Commandant of the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, ordered the posting of the official list of Guantanamo captives cleared in 2009.During the last years of the Presidency of George W. Bush captives had annual reviews conducted by an Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatants.On January 22, 2009, two days after President Barack Obama took office, he issuedExecutive Order 13491,Executive Order 13492 andExecutive Order 13493 – all of which concerned how the United States should treat its captives.The new policies superseded the older reviews, and included new, inter-agency reviews.President Obama announced plans to close the camps before January 22, 2010.According to the Associated Press and Reuters Admiral Copeman ordered the lists of captives who had been cleared for release to be posted to prevent the spread of rumors.Reuters reported the official list included 78 names.A further 17 captives have been repatriated or transferred since President Obama took office."@en .corpus262.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Derrion_Albert> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The murder of Derrion Albert occurred on September 24, 2009 near Christian Fenger Academy High School on Chicago's South Side.Reports and video footage indicate that Albert was caught in a brawl between two factions of students at Christian Fenger Academy High school, from two neighborhoods, Altgeld Gardens and The Ville.His death occurred after he was brutally beaten by several boys with pieces of a railroad tie.Police initially arrested four individuals, Silvonus Shannon, Eric Carson, Eugene Riley, and Eugene Bailey, who were charged with first-degree murder. Charges were later dropped against Bailey after further investigations.The amateur video footage of the beating, obtained by Chicago television station WFLD, was widely broadcast in both traditional and online media.Largely resulting from the widespread circulation of this video, the story attracted much national attention within the United States, leading President Barack Obama to send U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and Secretary of Education Arne Duncan to Chicago to discuss youth violence with Mayor Richard M. Daley.Secretary Duncan was also interviewed by Anderson Cooper on the cable news channel CNN regarding violence in Chicago.By 2011, five individuals had been convicted of Albert's death and sentenced to varying terms in prison: Shannon, Carson, Riley, Lapoleon Colbert, and a minor whose name was not publicized.The murder and its subsequent coverage form an important part of the 2011 Steve James documentary The Interrupters, which profiles the work of the antiviolence organization CeaseFire.Rapper Nasir Jones wrote an open letter to the Chicago youth. The letter can be found on Rap Genius."@en .corpus262.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Cyber_Security_Awareness_Month> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "National Cyber Security Awareness Month (NCSAM) is observed each October since its inception in 2004 in the United States of America. Sponsored by the National Cyber Security Division (NCSD) within the Department of Homeland Security and the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA, a non-profit organization), National Cyber Security Awareness Month encourages vigilance and protection by all computer users. \"Cyber threats pose one of the gravest national security dangers the United States faces\" -Barack Obama.During the month of October, the Department and the NCSA reach out to all Americans, public- and private-sector partners and the international community about cyber threats and offers tips and best practices concerning how to stay safe online.The overall NCSAM theme is Our Shared Responsibility to reflect the notion that cyberspace cannot be secured without the help of all users. Each year, the month has weekly themes that deal with specific groups and trends in cybersecurity.In line with President Obama’s 60-day review of cyber security, NCSAM builds on existing programs within the Department of Homeland Security. NCSD and NCSA continue to encourage participation in the Cyber Security Awareness Volunteer Education (C-SAVE) Program. The C-SAVE Program advocates for cyber security professionals to visit local schools to educate students on cyber security threats and the importance of staying safe online."@en .corpus263.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_the_Barbarian> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack the Barbarian is a comic book series published by Devil's Due Publishing beginning in June 2009. It was written by Larry Hama, with art by Christopher Schons.Barack the Barbarian originally appeared in a four-issue mini-series. The story features the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama as a Conan the Barbarian-style figure. It also features politicians like Sarah Palin, George W. Bush, and Dick Cheney in fictional roles.The series was followed by a one-shot, The Fall of Red Sarah"@en .corpus263.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plug-in_electric_vehicles_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The fleet of plug-in electric vehicles in the United States is the largest in the world, with a 43% share of global sales as of September 2014. Since 2008, about 260,000 highway legal plug-in electric cars have been sold in the country through the end of September 2014. California accounts for about 40% of all plug-in cars sold in the country, with over 100,000 units sold through August 2014, and not only has more plug-in electric vehicles than any other American state but also more than any other country. The U.S. market share of plug-in electric passenger cars increased from 0.14% in 2011 through 0.37% in 2012 to 0.62% of new car sales during 2013.As of December 2014, there are 23 highway legal plug-in cars available in the American market from 12 car manufacturers, plus several models of electric motorcycles, utility vans and neighborhood electric vehicles (NEVs). As of November 2014, cumulative sales are led by the Chevrolet Volt plug-in hybrid with 71,867 units, followed by the Nissan Leaf all-electric car with 69,220 units. Ranking next are the Toyota Prius Plug-in Hybrid with 37,610 units, and the all-electric Tesla Model S with over 34,350 units.The Energy Improvement and Extension Act of 2008 granted tax credits for new qualified plug-in electric vehicles. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA) also authorized federal tax credits for converted plug-ins. The federal tax credit for new plug-in electric vehicles (PEVs) is worth between US$2,500 and US$7,500 depending on battery capacity. As of November 2014, a total of 37 states and Washington, D.C. have established incentives and tax or fee exemptions for BEVs and PHEVs, or utility-rate breaks, and other non-monetary incentives such as free parking and high-occupancy vehicle lane access. The U.S. government also has pledged US$2.4 billion in federal grants to support the development of next-generation electric cars and batteries,  and US$115 million for the installation of electric vehicle charging infrastructure in 16 different metropolitan areas around the country. As of March 2013, the United States had 5,678 charging stations across the country, led by California with 1,207 stations (21.3%). In terms of public charging points, there were 19,472 public outlets available across the country by the end of December 2013, again led by California with 5,176 (26.6%) public charging points.In his 2011 State of the Union address, President Barack Obama set the goal for the U.S. to become the first country to have 1 million electric vehicles on the road by 2015. Considering the actual slow rate of PEV sales, since mid-2012 several industry observers have concluded that this goal is unattainable. The Governor of California, Jerry Brown, issued an executive order in March 2012 that established the goal of getting 1.5 million zero-emission vehicles (ZEVs) on California roads by 2015. In September 2014, the Charge Ahead California Initiative set the additional goal to have at least 1 million zero-emission vehicles and near-zero-emission vehicles in California by January 1, 2023."@en .corpus263.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009_Nobel_Peace_Prize> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2009 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to U.S. President Barack Obama for his \"extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples\". The Norwegian Nobel Committee announced the award on October 9, 2009, citing Obama's promotion of nuclear nonproliferation and a \"new climate\" in international relations fostered by Obama, especially in reaching out to the Muslim world.The Nobel Committee's decision drew mixed reactions from US commentators and editorial writers across the political spectrum, as well as from the rest of the world.Obama accepted the prize in Oslo on December 10, 2009. In a 36-minute speech, he discussed the tensions between war and peace and the idea of a \"just war\" saying, \"perhaps the most profound issue surrounding my receipt of this prize is the fact that I am the Commander-in-Chief of the military of a nation in the midst of two wars.\"Obama is the fourth US president to have been awarded a Nobel Prize (after Theodore Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson and Jimmy Carter, with Vice Presidents Charles Dawes and Al Gore also being recipients, with Carter and Gore's honors happening after leaving office)."@en .corpus263.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chai_Feldblum> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chai Rachel Feldblum (born April 1959) is an American law professor at Georgetown University, author and activist for disability rights and LGBT rights.  In March 2010, she was appointed to a position on the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) by President Barack Obama, and in December 2010 she was confirmed to serve on the EEOC by the United States Senate.  The Senate confirmed her in December 2013 to a full five-year term."@en .corpus263.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Gutman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Howard William Gutman (born July 8, 1956) is a lawyer, actor and former United States Ambassador to Belgium. After being nominated as Ambassador by United States President Barack Obama, Gutman was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on July 29, 2009 and sworn in as Ambassador on August 14, 2009."@en .corpus264.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Cash> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Rev. Carey Cash is a US Navy chaplain currently assigned to Camp David, the U.S. presidential retreat.  As such, he has found himself ministering to President Barack Obama.  In this sense, Rev. Cash can be considered Mr. Obama's pastor.A 6 ft 4in graduate of The Citadel in South Carolina and of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Rev. Cash nearly became a professional American football player.  He is the great-nephew of the singer Johnny Cash and the brother of a former Miss America, Kellye Cash.Cash was born in Memphis, Tennessee to an accomplished, deeply religious family. His father, Roy Cash, Jr., was a fighter pilot in the Navy for 30 years. His older sister, Kellye, was crowned Miss America in 1987. His mother, Billie, runs a Christian ministry and is the author of several books about her faith. Lt. Cash served on the battlefield during the invasion of Iraq in 2003.  As a fervent believer in the Christian faith, he was deeply committed to spreading Christianity within the armed forces and believed a \"wall of angels\" protected his men as they fought their way from Kuwait to Baghdad.  He baptized more than 50 men during the war.Now a Commander in the Navy, Cash has been recently reassigned from Camp David and currently serves as Senior Protestant Chaplain at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland."@en .corpus264.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_R._King> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert R. \"Bob\" King (born June 8, 1942) is an American diplomat. He was nominated in September 2009 by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the United States Senate in November 2009, to serve as United States special envoy for North Korean Human Rights Issues, an ambassadorial ranked position."@en .corpus264.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aníbal_Acevedo_Vilá> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Aníbal Salvador Acevedo Vilá (born 13 February 1962) is  a Puerto Rican politician and lawyer. He served as the ninth Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, a Commonwealth of the United States, from 2005 to 2009. He is a Harvard University alumnus (LL.M. 1987) and a graduate of the University of Puerto Rico School of Law, where he obtained his Juris Doctor degree. Acevedo Vilá has held various public service positions in the Puerto Rico  government under the Popular Democratic Party, serving as a member of the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico (1993–2001) and Resident Commissioner (2001–2005), before he was sworn in as Governor on 2 January 2005. Acevedo Vilá was also a member of the National Governors Association, the Southern Governors' Association and the Democratic Governors Association, and a collaborator of President Barack Obama's presidential campaign.On 27 March 2008, Acevedo Vilá was indicted in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico on 19 counts of campaign finance violations. He subsequently organized a press conference, where he claimed that he is innocent of all charges presented against him. On 19 August 2008, he was charged with five more counts. On 1 December 2008 Judge Paul Barbadoro determined that 15 of those charges were based on a flawed theory, leaving him with only nine charges. On 20 March 2009, Acevedo Vilá was found by a jury not guilty of all the charges against him.On 4 November 2008, he failed in his bid for a second term, losing to incumbent Resident Commissioner Luis Fortuño. Two days later he stepped down as president of the Popular Democratic Party."@en .corpus264.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt's_Bar> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matt's Bar is a restaurant in south Minneapolis, Minnesota.  It is known as one of two businesses that created the Jucy Lucy.This bar was opened in 1954. In 1998 Scott Nelson purchased the bar from the original owner Matt Bristol.In a 1998 City Pages article, Cheryl Bristol, the daughter of bar founder and namesake Matt Bristol, told of how one day in 1954, a customer asked a cook to put two hamburger patties together and seal up some cheese in the middle. When the customer bit into the sandwich, he was heard to exclaim, \"That's one juicy Lucy!\"On June 26, 2014, the bar's original owner, Matt Bristol, died hours before the bar he founded was visited by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus264.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Lee_(politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jesse Lee (born 1979) was named the White House  Director of Progressive Media & Online Response on May 23, 2011.  This is a newly created position to help maintain the President's online presence as he prepares for his 2012 Presidential reelection bid.  The duties of this position, dealing with negative or factually incorrect stories about the President, was formerly handled by the Democratic National Committee's rapid response team.  Lee’s first tweet about his new position included a picture of The Terminator.Lee was formerly the Online Programs Director under the Barack Obama Administration. Lee spent his early life in Takoma Park, Maryland, and graduated with a degree in philosophy from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut in 2002. He was hired to do Internet work for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) in 2003, and worked in their online division from 2004 to 2006. Lee served as Senior New Media Advisor to Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi during the 110th United States Congress. During the 2008 United States presidential election, Lee performed online response for the Democratic National Committee. He worked in online outreach during the Presidential transition of Barack Obama, in the New Media department. On February 23, 2009, President Barack Obama announced Lee was hired as Online Programs Director for his administration."@en .corpus264.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy_dog_handler_hazing_scandal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Navy dog handler hazing scandal was a pattern of misconduct engaged in by members of the United States Navy at Naval Support Activity Bahrain between 2004 and 2006. Naval investigators documented nearly 100 incidents of abuse committed against several members of a Military Working Dog (MWD) unit stationed at the United States military base at Juffair. Documented incidents of abuse include racial intimidation, sexual harassment, physical abuse and anti-gay harassment. One sailor, Master-At-Arms 3rd Class Joseph Rocha, suffered post-traumatic stress disorder because of his abuse at the hands of fellow sailors, and he alleges that another sailor committed suicide because of her treatment. The Navy investigated the allegations in 2007 and documented the abuse, but took little substantive action. However, Pennsylvania Congressman Joe Sestak, a former Vice Admiral, demanded a new examination of the report's findings which led to the disciplining of Rocha's former superior, Chief Petty Officer Michael Toussaint (later Senior Chief Petty Officer). The scandal came to widespread public attention as United States President Barack Obama faced increased pressure to repeal the military's gay-exclusionary policy known as \"don't ask, don't tell\" (DADT)."@en .corpus265.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_State_National_Historical_Park> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "First State National Historical Park is a National Park Service unit which lies primarily in the state of Delaware but which extends partly into Pennsylvania in Chadds Ford. Initially created as First State National Monument by President Barack Obama under the Antiquities Act on March 25, 2013, the park was later redesignated as First State National Historical Park by Congress."@en .corpus265.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeSoto_Next_Generation_Solar_Energy_Center> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The DeSoto Next Generation Solar Energy Center is a photovoltaic solar power facility in Arcadia, DeSoto County, Florida owned by Florida Power & Light (FPL). President Barack Obama attended the plant's commissioning on October 27, 2009.  It has a nameplate capacity of 25 megawatts (MW), and produces an estimated 42,000 megawatt-hours (MW·h) of electricity per year (an average output of about 4.8 MW).The plant cost $150 million to construct.  The plant consists of over 90,000 SunPower solar panels with single-axis trackers on 235 acres (95 ha).FPL has get a permit for construction of the second stage and had filed for the permit to build the third stage of the plant.  At the second stage, 49 MW of capacity will be added. At the third stage, 226 MW of capacity is planned to be added bringing the total capacity of the plant up to 300 MW."@en .corpus265.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama–Medvedev_Commission> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Obama–Medvedev Commission, officially known as the U.S.–Russia Bilateral Presidential Commission, was announced on July 6, 2009 by President of the United States Barack Obama and President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Medvedev during President Obama's visit to Moscow, as a way to improve communication and cooperation between the governments of Russia and the United States. The two Presidents announced that the work of the Commission would be coordinated by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov."@en .corpus265.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Moore_presidential_campaign,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brian Patrick Moore, a local politician from California, announced his candidacy for the presidency of the United States in St. Louis, Missouri, on October 19, 2007. The same month he was declared the nominee of the Socialist Party USA for the 2008 presidential election. The SPUSA national convention elected Stewart Alexis Alexander of California as Moore's Vice Presidential nominee.During his campaign, Moore focused on the American-led wars abroad, labor rights and community ownership of corporations. Throughout his campaign Moore failed to gather much support in the states he had access to, and ended in 11th place overall, receiving 6,555 votes nationwide. Moore was not able to increase the party's voterbase, and instead, it lowered itself from 10 to 6 thousand votes nationwide from the previous presidential election. Moore's campaign raised $9,516.While minor, Moore managed to earn much needed media interest in the later part of the election mostly due to John McCain's red baiting against Barack Obama and making an appeal to the 5th US Circuit Court to get ballot access in the state of Louisiana. His media campaign included writing articles in several leading newspapers such as The New Republic and the National Journal and making appearances on television, most notably The Colbert Report."@en .corpus265.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Teehee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kimberly Teehee is an advocate and lobbyist on Native American issues. She served as senior policy adviser for Native American affairs in the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama from 2009-2012."@en .corpus265.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_Authorization_Act_for_Fiscal_Year_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (H.R. 2647, Pub.L. 111–84, 123 Stat. 2190.) is a law in the United States signed by President Barack Obama on October 28, 2009. As a bill it was H.R. 2647 in the 111th Congress. The overall purpose of the law is to authorize funding for the defense of the United States and its interests abroad, for military construction, and for national security-related energy programs."@en .corpus265.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Armstrong_(journalist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter Armstrong is the economics reporter for CBC News.Armstrong was previously the host of World Report on CBC Radio. He has been a foreign correspondent for CBC Television and CBC Newsworld, based in Jerusalem. He covered the 2014 Olympics in Sochi. Armstrong was a parliamentary correspondent based on Parliament Hill. An award-winning journalist, he has covered three wars and reported in French and English from four continents. Armstrong has reported from the frontlines in Afghanistan, embedded with Canadian, U.S. and British Troops. He has traveled extensively through the Middle East, reporting from Israel, Lebanon, Syria and the Palestinian Territories. He also reported live from Barack Obama's ancestral village in Kenya the night of the American presidential election in 2008.Armstrong has worked in CBC locations across Canada, beginning in Quebec City with stops in Saint John, Toronto, Ottawa and Vancouver. He has covered some of the biggest events of the last two decades including the tsunami and ensuing nuclear disaster in Japan, three federal elections and the Sochi Olymics.Originally from Oakville, Ont., Armstrong is bilingual in French and English, and speaks some Arabic. He is a graduate of Acadia University in Nova Scotia and completed his journalism studies at l'Universite Laval in Quebec City.He is married to fellow journalist Piya Chattopadhyay, whom he met while both were working for the CBC."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Foxx> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anthony Renard Foxx (born April 30, 1971) is an American politician who has been United States Secretary of Transportation since 2013. He served as the Mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina, from 2009 to 2013. He was first elected to the Charlotte City Council in 2005, and he was elected as Mayor on November 3, 2009, winning 51.5% of the vote and defeating his City Council colleague, Republican John Lassiter. He won a second term on November 8, 2011, winning more than two-thirds of the vote against Republican Scott Stone. He is a member of the  Democratic Party.Originally elected at the age of 38, Foxx was the youngest mayor of Charlotte, and was the first Democrat to hold the office since Harvey Gantt left office in 1987. He was Charlotte's second African American mayor, as well as its first newly elected mayor since 1995, when Pat McCrory began the first of his record seven terms in office. On April 5, 2013, he announced that he would not seek reelection as Mayor in 2013.On April 29, 2013, President Barack Obama said he would nominate Foxx to be the Secretary of Transportation. On June 27, 2013 the Senate confirmed the nomination of Foxx to the post of Secretary of Transportation on a vote of 100-0. He was sworn into the position on July 2, 2013."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_(V)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Pilot\" is the series premiere of the 2009 reimagining of the 1983 miniseries V created by Kenneth Johnson. The episode's teleplay was written by Scott Peters, with story credit going to Johnson and Peters. Yves Simoneau directed the episode, which originally aired in the United States on ABC on November 3, 2009. The episode sees spaceships appear over 29 of the world's major cities. Though the alien \"Visitors\" claim to come in peace, it transpires that they have been infiltrating the planet for decades, and are planning on enslaving the human species.Parallels have been drawn between the Visitors and US Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, though Peters and co-producer Jeffrey Bell refute that they were intentional. Bell feels that while the original series was more of a military show with a clear enemy, the reimagining focuses more on the paranoia of not knowing who can be trusted. The episode incorporates aspects of the original series, including the Visitors' giant spaceships, but is quick to reveal the Visitors' true motivations, as Peters felt awareness of the original story was already high.The episode was watched by 14.3 million US viewers, and received generally positive reviews. USA Today '​s Robert Bianco praised it for \"quickly establishing its own identity\" independent of the original series, while E! Online named it the best pilot episode in \"forever\". In contrast, The New York Times '​s Mike Hale called the episode \"slapdash and formulaic\", while David Hinckley of the Daily News deemed it \"an elaborately costumed popcorn flick\"."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Evancho> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jacqueline Marie \"Jackie\" Evancho (/iːˈveɪŋkoʊ/ ee-VAYNG-koh; born April 9, 2000) is an American classical crossover singer who gained wide recognition at an early age and, since 2009, has issued an EP and five albums, including a platinum and gold album and three Billboard 200 top 10 debuts.Between 2008 and 2010, Evancho entered several talent competitions; made singing appearances, mostly in Pennsylvania (including singing the U.S. national anthem at a Pittsburgh Pirates baseball game); issued an independent album, Prelude to a Dream; and attracted interest on YouTube.  Evancho impressed composers Tim Janis and David Foster, each of whom included her in his concerts beginning in 2009.  Later in 2010, at the age of ten, she gained wider popularity with her performances in the fifth season of the America's Got Talent competition, finishing in second place.With the 2010 holiday release of her O Holy Night EP, Evancho became the best-selling debut artist of 2010, the youngest top-10 debut artist in U.S. history and the youngest solo artist ever to go platinum. She first performed in front of U.S. President Barack Obama at the 2010 National Christmas Tree lighting in Washington, D.C. In June 2011, her first full-length major-label album, Dream With Me, produced by David Foster, debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 chart, and she became the youngest top-5 debut artist in UK history. Billboard ranked Evancho the top Classical Albums Artist for 2011. Evancho released another studio album, Heavenly Christmas, in November 2011.  The same month, she became the youngest person ever to give a solo concert at Lincoln Center in New York City as part of her Dream With Me Tour. She has made three solo Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) specials, the third of which began broadcasts beginning on November 29, 2014.Evancho is the ambassador for Mission: Humane, a U.S. Humane Society program that encourages children to help protect animals. A national cotillion organization listed her as one of the \"ten best-mannered people of 2011\". From late 2012 to 2014, she toured the U.S., performing songs from her fourth full-length album, Songs from the Silver Screen, released in October 2012, which was Evancho's third top-ten album debut. In 2013 she also headlined benefit concerts at Carnegie Hall and the LDS Conference Center. She appeared in the 2013 Robert Redford film The Company You Keep, modelled for Guess Kids clothing, among others, and has appeared on behalf of such charities as One Drop Foundation. Evancho released her fifth full-length album, Awakening, in September 2014, which was her fifth consecutive No. 1 release on the Billboard Classical Albums chart."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facebook_diplomacy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The term Facebook diplomacy was coined sometime in October 2008 in casual notes exchanged on Twitter, in connection to U.S. President Barack Obama's electoral political campaign's keen use of Facebook and other social network websites. The term Facebook diplomacy was further introduced and elaborated to describe the potential 'soft power' that can be created with Internet social networking tools like Facebook to counter terrorism, and interfere with repressive governments and militant groups in a discussion at a social networking and technology conference in December 2008 in New York. During the December conference in New York, the United States Undersecretary of Public Diplomacy, James Glassman said, \"New technology gives the United States and other free nations a significant advantage over terrorists.\" In his presentation at New York's Columbia University Law School, he went on to illustrate how Facebook diplomacy and on-line activism created success through the use of Facebook groups and the use of the platform to create activism and cause global awareness relative to issues in Colombia against the infamous FARC rebels."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary_Rodham_Clinton's_tenure_as_Secretary_of_State> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hillary Rodham Clinton served as United States Secretary of State under President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2013, and was head of the department conducting the foreign policy of the Obama administration. She was preceded in office by Condoleezza Rice and succeeded by John Kerry. She was the third woman to hold this position. She is also the only former First Lady of the United States to become a member of the United States Cabinet.Clinton was in the forefront of the U.S. response to the Arab Spring, including advocating the military intervention in Libya. She introduced the Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review process to the State Department, seeking to maximize departmental effectiveness and promote the empowerment of women worldwide, and used \"smart power\" as the strategy for asserting U.S. leadership and values in the world.  She is the most widely traveled secretary during her time in office and also championed the use of social media in getting the U.S. message out."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/1962–63_Loyola_Ramblers_men's_basketball_team> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1962–63 Loyola Ramblers men's basketball team represented Loyola University Chicago. The head coach was George Ireland.  The Ramblers were the 1963 NCAA Tournament Champions, defeating top-ranked and two-time defending champion Cincinnati Bearcats in a 60–58 overtime contest.On July 11, 2013, to commemorate the 50th anniversary of their championship, surviving members of Loyola's team were honored by President Barack Obama in a ceremony at the Oval Office of the White House. It also was announced that the entire team would be inducted in the College Basketball Hall of Fame in a ceremony scheduled for November 2013."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.J._Verel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A.J. Verel (born March 2) is an American Kickboxer,  Martial Artist, Actor and Stuntman. A.J. was inducted to the Hall of Fame in 2003.Verel is a former Light Heavyweight & Middleweight Sport Karate & Kickboxing Champion. In 1992 he won the World Kickboxing Association's (WKA) Middleweight title. Verel holds Black Belts in five different Martial Arts and as co-captain of the U.S. National Martial Arts and N.A.C.K. (North American Champions Karate) Demonstration Teams won two gold medals.Verel returned to the Original Toughman Contest in 2000 as the referee for the FOX televised reality show titled \"Toughman Contest\"Championship Series which ran for five seasons on the FX Network. Verel continues to stay active working on and appearing in movies, training fighters and producing televised events. Verel is the Chairman for the Official \"Pro Martial Arts Hall of Fame & Museum\" and in June 2010 was named the United States Delegate for the 'World Kickboxing League\" (WKL) for all Ring Sports along with Ambassadors Rick \"The Jet\" Rufus and Don \"The Dragon\" Wilson. Verel also is currently under consideration by President Barack Obama for a position on the Council for Fitness, Sports and Nutrition."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Oakland,_California_middle_schools> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of public middle schools in Oakland, California, current and former, including charter schools. The schools are administered by the Oakland Unified School District. Alliance Academy Ascend Middle School Barack Obama Academy Bret Harte Middle School (established 1930) [1] Claremont Middle School Cole Middle School Coliseum College Prep Academy (6-12) Community Day Middle School Edna M. Brewer Middle School Elmhurst Community Prep Explore Middle School Frick Middle School James Madison Middle School KIPP Bridge College Prep/West Oakland Middle School KIZMET Academy/West Oakland Middle School, formerly known as Lowell Middle School Melrose Leadership Academy Montera Middle School Peralta Creek Middle School Roosevelt Middle School (formerly Roosevelt High School) ROOTS International Academy United for Success Academy Urban Promise Academy Verdese Carter Middle School campus of Oakland International High School Westlake Middle School Woodrow Wilson Junior High School demolished in the 1970s; Verdese Carter Middle School built on the site↑ ↑"@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Healy_(poet)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tom Healy (born 1961) is an American writer and poet, professor, public servant, and arts professional. Healy is a fellow of the Harriet Monroe Institute at the Poetry Foundation.  From 2011-2014, Healy was the chairman of the Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board, which oversees the Fulbright scholars program worldwide. He was appointed to the Fulbright Scholarship Board by President Barack Obama in 2011 and was elected by the Board three times to serve as its chairman. Healy currently serves on the Board’s executive committee.  Under President Bill Clinton, Healy was a member of the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS (PACHA). Since the 1990s, Healy has played an active role in the New York City arts scene. After the September 11 attacks in 2001, he served as the president of the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council (LMCC), where he led rebuilding efforts for the downtown arts community. In 2006, Mayor Michael Bloomberg awarded him the New York City Mayors Award for Arts and Culture. Healy taught at New York University from 2010-2013 and was a visiting professor at the New School from 2010-2014."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodd–Frank_Wall_Street_Reform_and_Consumer_Protection_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub.L. 111–203, H.R. 4173; commonly referred to as Dodd-Frank) was signed into federal law  by President Barack Obama on July 21, 2010 at the Ronald Reagan Building in Washington, DC.Passed as a response to the Great Recession, it brought the most significant changes to financial regulation in the United States since the regulatory reform that followed the Great Depression. It made changes in the American financial regulatory environment that affect all federal financial regulatory agencies and almost every part of the nation's financial services industry.As with other major financial reforms, a variety of critics have attacked the law, some arguing it was not enough to prevent another financial crisis or more bailouts, and others arguing it went too far and unduly restricted financial institutions.The law was initially proposed by the Obama Administration in June 2009, when the White House sent a series of proposed bills to Congress. A version of the legislation was introduced in the House in July 2009. On December 2, 2009, revised versions were introduced in the House of Representatives by then Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank, and in the Senate Banking Committee by former Chairman Chris Dodd. Due to their involvement with the bill, the conference committee that reported on June 25, 2010 voted to name the bill after the two members of Congress."@en .corpus266.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gompert> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Charles Gompert (born October 6, 1945) officially joined the Office of the Director of National Intelligence on November 10, 2009 as the Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence following his November 9 confirmation by the U.S. Senate. President Barack Obama nominated him for the position on August 6, 2009.The appointment made Gompert the ODNI's second-highest-ranking official after Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper. The Principal Deputy DNI, who may act on the Director's behalf, assists the DNI in efforts to promote greater collaboration and information sharing among the 16 agencies that make up the Intelligence Community.Gompert most recently worked as a senior fellow at the RAND Corp., a leading research organization that explores topics such as national security, terrorism, economic development and science and technology. Before that, he was a distinguished research professor at the National Defense University's Center for Technology and National Security Policy.From 2003 to 2004, Gompert was the senior adviser for national security and defense to the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq.His other RAND experience included positions as president of RAND Europe, vice president of RAND Corp., faculty member of the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School and director of the National Defense Research Institute. Prior to leading the institute, Gompert was a special assistant to former President George H. W. Bush, as well as the senior director for Europe and Eurasia on the staff of the National Security Council from 1990 to 1993.He held several positions at the State Department from 1975 to 1983, including deputy to the under secretary for political affairs, deputy director of the Bureau of Political-Military Affairs and special assistant to former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. Gompert - who has published extensively on international affairs, national security policy and information technology - also worked in the private sector for several years.At Unisys from 1989 to 1990, he was president of the systems management group and vice president for strategic planning and corporate development. From 1983 to 1989, he was AT&T's vice president of civil sales and programs, and its director of international market planning.Gompert has a bachelor's degree in engineering from the U.S. Naval Academy, where he once served on the faculty, and a master of public affairs degree from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs."@en .corpus267.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomás_Arita_Valle> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "José Tomás Arita Valle ( 4. September 1948) was born in Ocotepeque, Honduras. He is  the deputy chairman of the Supreme Court of Honduras.He was appointedto the Supreme Court in 2002. He was vice minister for foreign affairs in the National Party government of President Ricardo Maduro. He previously sat on the Rector's Advisory Board of the University Nacional Autonoma de Honduras and was a member of the Boundary Commission between Honduras and El Salvador. He was re-elected by the Parliament at the end of January in 2009 to the Supreme Court of Honduras.As part of the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis against the elected president Manuel Zelaya Arita singned a secret  arrest warrant.At  the end of July 2009 the U.S. government under Barack Obama annulled his visa to enter the United States"@en .corpus267.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidents_Park_(Virginia)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Presidents Park was a ten-acre open air museum with presidential sculptures located in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States.  It included 18 to 20 foot high busts of the first 43 Presidents of the United States. from Number 1 (George Washington) to Number 43 (George W. Bush).' The park was opened in March 2004 The statues were sculpted by artist David Adickes. David Adickes, a Houston artist, was inspired after driving past Mount Rushmore on a trip back from Canada. The park was closed on September 30, 2010, prior to getting the bust of the President 44, Barack Obama out of the gift shop. Default on the $3.3 million loan had the property put up for auction on April 26, 2012.  By January 2013, the busts had been moved to a local farm"@en .corpus267.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_A._Shiu> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Patricia Ann Shiu is the current Director of Federal Contract Compliance from 2009 to today during the administration of Barack Obama. Prior to joining the Department of Labor, Shiu worked as Vice President for Programs at the Legal Aid Society-Employment Law Center in San Francisco. She worked there for 26 years. Shiu also worked as an associate at the law firm of Pillsbury, Madison & Sutro.  In 1982, Shiu received her J.D. from the University of San Francisco School of Law and in 1979, her B.A. in Political Economy of Industrialized States from the University of California, Berkeley. Born in Chicago, she is half Chinese and half Irish, and is the daughter of Joan Pierce Shiu  and Mr. Shiu."@en .corpus267.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobacco_Products_Scientific_Advisory_Committee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee (TPSAC) is an advisory panel of the United States Food and Drug Administration organized to provide advice, information and recommendations to the FDA commissioner on matters related to the regulation of tobacco products. It was created in accordance to the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act, signed into law by President Barack Obama on June 22, 2009. The Committee was inaugurated during its March 30–31, 2010 meeting."@en .corpus267.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunham_House> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Dunham House, located just south of Kempton, Indiana, USA, was built circa 1880s. The house was built by William Riley Dunham who served the U.S. Democratic Party for several years and represented Hamilton County and Tipton County in the Indiana General House of Assembly from 1913-1915. The home has made and is continuing to make history in this very small Indiana town, most recently with a visit from President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama."@en .corpus267.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Harris> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Seth D. Harris (born October 12, 1962) was the 11th United States Deputy Secretary of Labor, and served for six months as the Acting U.S. Secretary of Labor and a member of President Barack Obama's Cabinet.   Nominated by President Obama in February 2009, Harris was unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate in May 2009, and became  acting Secretary of Labor following the resignation of Hilda Solis in January 2013. Harris was also a member of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation's Board of Directors. Harris stepped down from his post on January 16, 2014. Since leaving the Obama Administration, Harris has been a Distinguished Scholar at Cornell University's School of Industrial & Labor Relations, and Counsel in the Public Policy & Regulation and Employment & Labor practices of Dentons, a global law firm.  Harris is also a member of the United Cerebral Palsy Association's Board of Directors."@en .corpus267.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomi_Prins> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nomi Prins is an American author, journalist, and Senior Fellow at Demos. She has worked as a managing director at Goldman-Sachs and as a Senior Managing Director at Bear Stearns, as well as having worked as a senior strategist at Lehman Brothers and analyst at the Chase Manhattan Bank. Prins is known primarily for her book All the Presidents' Bankers in which she explores over a century of close relationships between the 19 Presidents from Teddy Roosevelt through Barack Obama and the key bankers of their day based on original archival documents, for her  whistleblower book, It Takes a Pillage: Behind the Bonuses, Bailouts, and Backroom Deals from Washington to Wall Street, for her views on the U.S. economy, for her published spending figures on federal programs and initiatives related to the 2008 bailout, and for her advocacy for the reinstatement of the Glass–Steagall Act and regulatory reform of the financial industry."@en .corpus267.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_K._Thomas,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harry K. Thomas, Jr. (June 3, 1956 in the Harlem section of New York City) is an American diplomat. He served as the United States Ambassador to the Philippines from 2010 to 2013.  A former United States Ambassador to Bangladesh (serving from 2003 to 2005) and Director General of the United States Foreign Service (serving from 2007 to 2009), Thomas was designated by US President Barack Obama on November 19, 2009 to replace Kristie Kenney as Ambassador to the Philippines—the first African American to serve at that post. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 19, 2010 and presented his credentials to Philippine president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on April 27, 2010As of September, 2013, Thomas serves as the State Department's diplomat-in-residence for the Southwest."@en .corpus268.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_jail> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The black jail is a U.S. military detention camp established in 2002 inside  Bagram Air Base, Afghanistan. Distinct from the main prison of the Bagram Interment Facility, the \"Black Jail\" is run by the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and U.S. Special Operations Forces. There are numerous allegations of abuse associated with the prison, including beatings, sleep deprivation and forcing inmates into stress positions. U.S. authorities refuse to acknowledge the prison's existence. The facility consists of individual windowless concrete cells, each illuminated by a single light bulb glowing 24 hours a day. Its existence was first reported by journalist Anand Gopal and confirmed by many subsequent investigations.Although U.S. President Barack Obama signed an order to eliminate black sites run by the Central Intelligence Agency in January 2009, that order did not apply to the black jail. However, in August, the Obama administration restricted the time that detainees could be held at the secret jail, and another like it at Balad Air Base in Iraq, to two weeks. Human rights organisations are concerned that the jail remains inaccessible both to the Red Cross and the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission. The ICRC has claimed that it had been receiving names of inmates since 2009.The BBC reported on 11 May 2010 that the Red Cross had confirmed its existence to them as well as hearing the accounts of former inmates."@en .corpus268.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Dixon_trial> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The trial of Sheila Dixon, the then-mayor of Baltimore, started on November 9, 2009. It is the first of two scheduled trials for Dixon on a variety of charges. The charges stem from alleged corruption on the part of the mayor involving gifts she allegedly received and gift cards she allegedly stole.A verdict was reached on December 1, 2009. Dixon was convicted on one count of misappropriation of gift cards. The jury was hung on one other count, and all others resulted in acquittal.The case against her has left speculation about her future. While the city of Baltimore has no provision for removing a mayor from office, the Maryland Constitution bars convicted felons from serving in elected office. On January 6, 2010, Dixon announced she would step down as mayor on February 4, 2010.The charges against her also resulted in a snub by President Barack Obama. Obama reversed an invitation of Dixon to the White House in a conference of 70 mayors, supposedly due to the charges she was facing. This was despite the fact that Dixon had endorsed Obama for president during the election and his arrival in Baltimore days before the inauguration."@en .corpus268.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Ambassador-at-Large_for_Global_Women's_Issues> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues is the ambassador-at-large who heads the Office on Global Women's Issues in the United States Department of State.The position was created by the Barack Obama administration in 2009. The first ambassador-at-large was Melanne Verveer, who served from April 6, 2009 until replaced by Catherine M. Russell on May 8, 2013."@en .corpus268.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patient_Protection_and_Affordable_Care_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), codified as amended at scattered sections of the Internal Revenue Code and in 42 U.S.C. commonly called the Affordable Care Act (ACA) or \"ObamaCare\", is a United States federal statute signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 23, 2010. Together with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act signed 7 days later, which amended it, it represents the most significant regulatory overhaul of the U.S. healthcare system since the passage of Medicare and Medicaid in 1965.The ACA was enacted to increase the quality and affordability of health insurance, lower the uninsured rate by expanding public and private insurance coverage, and reduce the costs of healthcare for individuals and the government. It introduced mechanisms like mandates, subsidies, and insurance exchanges. The law requires  insurance companies to cover all applicants within new minimum standards and offer the same rates regardless of pre-existing conditions or sex. Additional reforms were increased competition, regulation, and incentives to streamline the delivery of healthcare. In 2011 the Congressional Budget Office projected that the ACA would lower both future deficits and Medicare spending.On June 28, 2012, the United States Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the ACA's individual mandate as an exercise of Congress's taxing power in the case National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius. However, the Court held that states cannot be forced to participate in the ACA's Medicaid expansion under penalty of losing their current Medicaid funding. Since the ruling, the law and its implementation have continued to face challenges in Congress and federal courts, and from some state governments, conservative advocacy groups, labor unions, and small business organizations.As of May 2014, about 20 million Americans had gained health insurance coverage under the ACA, and the percentage of uninsured Americans dropped from 18% in 2013 to 13.4%."@en .corpus268.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009_U.S._state_dinner_security_breaches> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On November 24, 2009, Michaele and Tareq Salahi (/mɪˈkɛl/ and /ˈtɑrɛk sɑːˈlɑːhiː/), a married couple from Virginia, and Carlos Allen (from the District of Columbia), attended a White House state dinner for Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, as uninvited guests. The Salahis and Allen arrived separately and did not appear to have colluded in their efforts. They were able to pass through two security checkpoints (including one requiring positive photo identification), enter the White House complex, and meet President Barack Obama. The incident resulted in security investigations and legal inquiries."@en .corpus268.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Ganz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Marshall Ganz (born March 14, 1943) is a senior lecturer in public policy at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.  He worked on the staff of the United Farm Workers for sixteen years before becoming a trainer and organizer for political campaigns, unions and nonprofit groups. He is credited with devising the successful grassroots organizing model and training for Barack Obama’s winning 2008 presidential campaign."@en .corpus268.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wilkes_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "West Wilkes High School is a public high school (grades 9-12) located in Millers Creek, North Carolina. It is a part of the Wilkes County Schools system. The school's enrollment is typically around 785 students. The school's district includes the western communities of Wilkes County, including Millers Creek, Cricket, Mount Pleasant, Parsonsville, and Wilbar. The current Principal is Mr. Wayne Shepherd and Assistant Principal is Dr. Lisa Harrington.In October 2011 President Barack Obama visited West Wilkes and gave a speech in the school gymnasium as part of his North Carolina, Virginia bus tour."@en .corpus268.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Vaïsse> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Justin Vaïsse is a French historian, who is currently the director of the Policy Planning staff of the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs. His father is prominent historian Maurice Vaïsse, who specialized in the same areas as his son. Vaïsse was the director of research for the Center on the United States and Europe and a senior fellow in Foreign Policy at the Brookings Institution. He was also an adjunct professor at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) in Washington D.C. His areas of expertise include Islam in France; French foreign policy; European affairs; American neoconservatism; American foreign policy; transatlantic relations; and international relations.Vaïsse is the author of many articles and books including, most recently (2010), Neoconservatism: The Biography of a Movement, Harvard University Press, It has been hailed as “one of the most comprehensive and balanced studies of the history of neoconservatism yet to appear,” by Professor Francis Fukuyama.Vaïsse is the author, co-author or editor of seven books on the United States, especially on American foreign policy, including the award-winning L'empire du milieu. Les Etats-Unis et le monde depuis la fin de la guerre froide (with Pierre Melandri – Paris, 2001) and Washington et le monde. Dilemmes d'une superpuissance (with Pierre Hassner – Paris, 2003). He published Integrating Islam: Political and Religious Challenges in Contemporary France (Brookings Press, 2006) with Professor Jonathan Laurence from Boston College, a book named “2007 Outstanding Academic Title” by the American Library Association and subsequently translated into French. It has been criticized by Barry Rubin for relying entirely on French sources and failing to examine the influence of Arabic language sources on Muslims in France.His more recent field of research is Europe's external relations. Starting in 2010, Vaïsse initiated and led, with Hans Kundnani, a project called the European Foreign Policy Scorecard, done in partnership with the European Council on Foreign Relations (ECFR), to evaluate Europe's performance on the world stage. The first edition, published by ECFR in 2011, was described by Foreign Affairs as \"a pioneering experiment in foreign policy analysis\", and the second edition (2012) has had significant political impact in many European capitals. Vaïsse is currently at work on a biography of former National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski, to be published in 2013, as well as an analytical account of Barack Obama's foreign policy, to be published by Brookings Press."@en .corpus268.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offshore_oil_and_gas_in_the_US_Gulf_of_Mexico> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Offshore oil and gas in the US Gulf of Mexico is a major source of oil and natural gas in the United States.  The western and central Gulf of Mexico, which includes offshore Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama, is one of the major petroleum-producing areas of the United States.  In 2007, federal leases in the western and central Gulf of Mexico produced 25% of the nation's oil and 14% of the nation's natural gas.Major fields include Eugene Island block 330 oil field, Atlantis Oil Field, and the Tiber oilfield (discovered 2009).  Notable oil platforms include Baldpate, Bullwinkle, Mad Dog, Magnolia, Mars, Petronius, and Thunder Horse.  Notable individual wells include Jack 2 and Knotty Head.As technology has progressed over the years, oil companies have extended drilling and production farther and farther from shore, and into deeper and deeper waters.  Production from water depths greater than 1,000 feet (300 m) began in 1979; currently, 72% of oil production in federal waters of the Gulf of Mexico comes from wells drilled in water depths of 1,000 feet (300 m) or greater.  Sixty-five discoveries have been made in water depths greater than 5,000 feet (1,500 m).  The deepest water depth in which a discovery has been made is 9,975 feet (3,040 m).The federal government has not allowed drilling in federal waters in the eastern Gulf of Mexico, which includes offshore Florida and part of offshore Alabama, since 1995.  In March 2010, US President Barack Obama announced plans to allow drilling in the eastern Gulf, in federal waters greater than 125 miles (201 km) from the coasts of Alabama and Florida.  The Obama administration reversed its plans to open the eastern Gulf after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill later that year."@en .corpus269.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erroll_Southers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Erroll G. Southers is an expert in transportation security and counterterrorism.  He is the Associate Director of the DHS National Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events (CREATE), Adjunct Professor of Homeland Security and Public Policy and counter-terrorism subject matter expert at the University of Southern California (USC), and Managing Director, Counter-Terrorism & Infrastructure Protection at TAL Global Corporation. He was the assistant chief of the Los Angeles World Airports Police Department's Office of Homeland Security and Intelligence. He is a former special agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and was a deputy director of homeland security for Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger of California. In 2009 he was nominated by President Barack Obama to become the head of the Transportation Security Administration but withdrew."@en .corpus269.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_M._Aronovitz_United_States_Courthouse> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Sidney M. Aronovitz United States Courthouse is a courthouse of the United States located in Key West, Florida. Built in 1932 and opened the following year, the courthouse replaced the Old Post Office and Customshouse in providing access to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida for residents of Monroe County, Florida. The building was originally named the U.S. Post Office, Custom House, and Courthouse. In October 2009, President Barack Obama signed into a law a bill introduced by Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen to rename the building for former longtime District Court judge Sidney M. Aronovitz, a third-generation Key West native.The courthouse is located at 301 Simonton Street, in Key West."@en .corpus269.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economic_policy_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The economic policy of the Barack Obama administration is a combination of tax increases on the wealthiest Americans and investment in myriad of public services such as scientific research, infrastructure, health care reform, and education that is meant to boost the American economy and future prospects. Barack Obama himself is a proponent of using government regulation to stem crony capitalism, and tax revenue to stabilize and promote economic growth.  Current economic advisers are Alan B. Krueger of Princeton University and Jeffrey Liebman of Harvard University. In 2006, Obama wrote: \"We should be asking ourselves what mix of policies will lead to a dynamic free market and widespread economic security, entrepreneurial innovation and upward mobility [...] we should be guided by what works.\" Speaking before the National Press Club in April 2005, he defended the New Deal social welfare policies of Franklin D. Roosevelt, associating Republican proposals to establish private accounts for Social Security with Social Darwinism."@en .corpus269.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_policy_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Almanac of American Politics (2008) rated Barack Obama's overall social policies in 2006 as more conservative than 21% of the Senate, and more liberal than 77% of the Senate (18% and 77%, respectively, in 2005)."@en .corpus269.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reşadiye_shooting> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Reşadiye shooting was an ambush that took place on December 7, 2009, at Reşadiye, Tokat Province, Turkey. Unidentified gunmen ambushed a Turkish patrol, killing seven soldiers and wounding three others. It was the region's deadliest attack in more than a decade, since the Sazak assault in 1997; and last recent attack in Turkey since April, 2009 when a remote-controlled bomb set by Kurdish militants killed 10 soldiers in the country's southeast.  The last major attack in Tokat was in 2001.The ambush occurred as Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan was received in Washington, D.C., by U.S. President Barack Obama and occurred the day before a court was due to consider outlawing Turkey's Democratic Society Party (DTP), the largest Kurdish party in the country. The threat of parliamentary resignations and a potential election lingered in the air. The Turkish army said on their website that they would maintain a presence in the area."@en .corpus269.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama_Doctrine> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Obama Doctrine is a catch-all term frequently used to describe one or several principles of the foreign policy of U.S. President Barack Obama. It is generally agreed that there is no actual Obama Doctrine. Unlike the Monroe Doctrine, the Obama Doctrine is not a specific foreign policy introduced by the executive, but rather a phrase used to describe Obama's general style of foreign policy. This has led journalists and political commentators to speculate on what the exact tenets of an Obama Doctrine might look like. Generally speaking, it is widely, yet erroneously accepted that a central part of such a doctrine would emphasize negotiation and collaboration rather than confrontation and unilateralism in international affairs. This policy has been praised by some as a welcome change from the equally interventionist Bush Doctrine. Supporters of Obama's unilateral policies (such as targeted killings of American citizens) including former United States Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton, have described it as overly idealistic and naïve, promoting appeasement of adversaries. Others have drawn attention to its radical departure in tone from not only the policies of the Bush administration but many former presidents as well."@en .corpus269.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanthomas> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Fanthomas is a Norwegian 2D cartoon comedy series, written by the Norwegian comedian Anders Bye. It centers around a cartoon version of the Norwegian Hollywood makeup artist Jan Thomas Mørch Husby, and his boyfriend Christoffer. The two have secret identities, as crime-fighting superstars. In each episode, the pair fight a Norwegian celebrity, such as Anne Kat Hæland, Alexander Rybak, Eyvind Hellstrøm, Mira Craig and Petter Stordalen. Plots include Fanthomas being fed up with Alexander Rybak's song Fairytale and going as far as Siberia to get away from it; fighting Norwegian actor Aksel Hennie; and trying to save Barack Obama's ears from a very clumsy hair stylist right before the handing out of the Nobel Peace Prize.The show can be viewed by the public at www.vgtv.no/fanthomas. As of 2010, the episodes have been viewed over 10 million times.The show's name is a play on the American comic The Phantom. The Phantom in Norwegian is Fantomet; and Fanthomas thereby is a merging of this comic's name and the name Jan Thomas."@en .corpus27.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_S._Broder> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Salzer Broder (September 11, 1929 – March 9, 2011), was an American journalist, writing for  The Washington Post for over 40 years. He also was an author, television news show pundit, and university lecturer.For more than half a century, Broder reported on every presidential campaign, beginning with the 1956 Eisenhower–Stevenson race. Known as the “dean” of the Washington, D.C., press corps, Broder made over 400 appearances on NBC’s Meet the Press.Upon Broder’s death in March 2011, President Barack Obama called him the “most respected and incisive political commentator of his generation.”"@en .corpus27.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidwell_Friends_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sidwell Friends School is a highly selective Quaker private school located in Bethesda, Maryland and Washington, D.C., offering pre-kindergarten through secondary school classes. Founded in 1883 by Thomas Sidwell, its motto is \"Eluceat omnibus lux\" (English: Let the light shine out from all), alluding to the Quaker concept of inner light. All Sidwell Friends students attend Quaker meeting for worship weekly.The school's admissions process is merit-based. As documented on the school's website, it gives preference in admissions decisions to members of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers), but otherwise does not discriminate on the basis of religion. The school accepts vouchers under the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program.Described as \"the Harvard of Washington's private schools\", the school has educated children of notable politicians, including those of several presidents. Both of United States President Barack Obama's daughters, Sasha and Malia, and Vice President Joe Biden's grandchildren attend the school. President Theodore Roosevelt's son Archibald, Richard Nixon's daughter Tricia, Bill Clinton's daughter Chelsea Clinton, and Vice President Al Gore's son, Albert Gore III, graduated from Sidwell Friends."@en .corpus27.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrifuge_Accommodations_Module> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Centrifuge Accommodations Module (CAM) is a cancelled element of the International Space Station. Although the module was planned to contain more than a centrifuge, the 2.5 m (8.2 ft) centrifuge still was considered the most important capability of the module. The centrifuge would have provided controlled acceleration rates (artificial gravity) for experiments and the capability to:Expose a variety of biological specimens that are less than 24.5 in (0.62 m) tall to artificial gravity levels between 0.01g and 2g.Simultaneously provide two different artificial gravity levels.Provide partial g and hyper g environment for specimens to investigate altered gravity effects and g-thresholds.Provide short duration and partial g and hyper g environment for specimens to investigate temporal effects of gravity exposure.Provide Earth simulation environment on ISS to isolate microgravity effects on specimens.Provide Earth simulation environment on ISS to allow specimens to recover from microgravity effects.Provide in situ 1g controls for specimens in micro-gravity.It was built by JAXA's predecessor, NASDA, but owned by NASA, who obtained ownership of the CAM by trading in a free launch of the Japanese Experiment Module Kibo to the Station. The CAM flight model along with the engineering model of the centrifuge rotor were manufactured.  The CAM would have been attached to the Harmony module of the ISS. It was cancelled in 2005 alongside the Habitation Module and the Crew Return Vehicle, because of ISS cost overruns and scheduling problems in Shuttle assembly flights.It is now on display in an outdoor exhibit at the Tsukuba Space Center in Japan.U.S. President Barack Obama's 2011 budget contains money for extending the ISS and this could allow procuring a new centrifuge for the International Space Station."@en .corpus27.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama,_Nagasaki> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Obama (小浜町, Obama-chō) was a town located in Minamitakaki District, Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan.As of March 31, 2014, the town had a population of 9,166 persons  and a density of 108.29 persons per km². The total area was 50.84 km². The town celebrated when Barack Obama became president of the United States.On October 11, 2005, Obama, along with the towns of Aino, Azuma, Chijiwa, Kunimi, Minamikushiyama and Mizuho (all from Minamitakaki District), was merged to create the city of Unzen.Located at the foot of Mount Unzen, the area is famous for volcanic hot springs (onsen) named Obama Onsen and Unzen Onsen."@en .corpus27.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keynote> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A keynote in literature, music, or public speaking is a talk that establishes the main underlying theme. In corporate or commercial settings, greater importance is attached to the delivery of a keynote speech or keynote address. The keynote establishes the framework for the following programme of events or convention agenda; frequently the role of keynote speaker will include that of convention moderator. It will also flag up a larger idea – a literary story, an individual musical piece or event.At political or industrial conventions and expositions and at academic conferences, the keynote address or keynote speech is delivered to set the underlying tone and summarize the core message or most important revelation of the event. Some of the more famous keynote speeches in the United States are those made at the party conventions during Democratic and Republican presidential campaigns. Keynote speakers at these events have often gained nationwide fame (or notoriety); for example, Barack Obama at the 2004 Democratic National Convention, and have occasionally influenced the course of the election. In the commercial arena, Steve Jobs delivered  influential keynote speeches at Apple product, system and service launches. Keynote speeches are also given at the graduation and commencement ceremonies of colleges, universities, and major high schools, usually by accomplished academics or celebrities invited by the student body.Keynote speakers are often selected to raise interest in a particular event, such as a conference or large meeting sponsored by a corporation or association, and draw attendees to attend that program. Selecting a keynote speaker who is well known for his or her expertise in a particular field, or who has wide name recognition due to other accomplishments, will probably raise enthusiasm among prospective attendees for a meeting or conference. Increasingly the word keynote is being used as a synonym for plenary session or \"invited talk,\" with some conferences having an opening keynote, a closing keynote, and many other keynotes. A keynote speaker may work independently, be represented by a speakers bureau, or by a new crowdsourced model such as the speakerwiki website. In the event that a speaker is represented by a traditional speakers bureau, a commission, typically 25%–30%, is due; however, this is traditionally and ethically absorbed by the speaker rather than the client so that the fee remains flat and transparently priced to the client.The term key note comes from the practice of a cappella, often barbershop singers, playing a note before singing. The note played determines the key in which the song will be performed."@en .corpus270.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortextuality> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Vortextuality is a concept developed in the work of Garry Whannel, a leading academic thinker working in the area of the cultural analysis of media sport. Whannel uses this concept in his work to analyse and account for the ways in which some news stories acquire a rapid momentum, briefly dominating the mediascape and the blogosphere.In his book, Media Sport Stars, Masculinities and Moralities, he explained this term, noting:\"The growth in the range of media outlets, and the vastly increased speed of circulation of information have combined to create the phenomenon of a \"vortex\" effect\".The vortextual effect produces a compression of the media agenda, in which other news items disappear from the agenda or have to be connected in some way to the dominant event. Developing this idea, Whannel observed that:\"Various media constantly feed off each other and, in an era of electronic and digital information exchange, the speed at which this happens has become very rapid.  Certain super-major events come to dominate the headlines to such an extent that it becomes temporarily difficult for columnists and commentators to discuss anything else.  They are drawn in, as if by a vortex.\"Whannel gives the example of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales as an example of Vortextuality as this story dominated the media for days, to the extent that it removed most other items from the news agenda. Likewise, during global sporting events, such as the World Cup or the Olympic Games, journalists and columnists with no expertise or pre-existing interest in sport comment on the event as Marshal et al. (2010) point out. Recent examples, of media vortextuality include the election of Barack Obama and the death of Michael Jackson."@en .corpus270.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelton_Johnson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Shelton Johnson (b. 1958 Detroit, Michigan) is a ranger with the National Park Service, assigned to Yosemite National Park as of 2010.  As of that year, he had worked in Yosemite for 17 years of his 24 year career.  He began his career in Yellowstone National Park in 1987. He appeared in the Ken Burns documentary film The National Parks: America's Best Idea broadcast on PBS starting September 17, 2009, and was called the \"unexpected star\" of the mini-series. Johnson attended a preview of the film at the White House that day, where he discussed the documentary with President Barack Obama."@en .corpus270.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwin_Liu> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Goodwin Hon Liu (Chinese: 劉弘威; pinyin: Liú Hóngwēi; born October 19, 1970) is an American lawyer, educator and an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of California. Before his appointment by California Governor Jerry Brown, Liu was Associate Dean and Professor of Law at the University of California, Berkeley School of Law (Boalt Hall). Liu has been recognized for his writing on constitutional law, education policy, civil rights, and the Supreme Court.On February 24, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Liu to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  For more than a year, Liu's nomination languished, amid significant opposition from Republicans in the U.S. Senate.  On May 19, 2011, the Senate rejected cloture on Liu's nomination in a 52-43 vote, and on May 25, 2011, Liu informed President Obama that he was withdrawing his name from consideration to the seat on the Ninth Circuit, telling the president that \"With no possibility of an up-or-down vote on the horizon, my family and I have decided that it is time for us to regain the ability to make plans for the future.\"On July 26, 2011, Governor Jerry Brown nominated Liu to a seat on the Supreme Court of California, succeeding Associate Justice Carlos R. Moreno.  Three days later, President Obama formally notified the Senate that he was withdrawing Liu's nomination for the federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. He was sworn into the California Supreme Court on September 1, 2011."@en .corpus270.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Patten> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matt Patten is a Democratic politician who served in the Ohio House of Representatives.  A native of Cleveland, Ohio, Patten was a labor organizer before beginning a career in the political sector.  When Representative Tom Patton gave up another term in the House to run for the Ohio Senate, Patten ran for his seat.  It was thought that Patten would run against term limited Senator Robert Spada, but an appointment given to Spada by Ohio Governor Ted Strickland changed the favorite of the race.  With Spada out of the race, good last name recognition and a strong showing by Barack Obama within the district, Patten won the seat over Colleen Grady, who was a last minute entrant to the race.  Patten was sworn into his seat in the House on January 5, 2009, to a newly won Democratic majority.  However, from the beginning of his term, Patten was a top target by Republicans.  While Patten was a strong advocate for education and labor, as well as a supporter of health initiatives and gun rights, he was seen as potentially vulnerable by Democrats as well.  In his first reelection bid, Patten faced Mike Dovilla, a political consultant who was running for his first elected office. Over time, the race became one of the closest watched in the cycle, with Patten and Dovilla both neck and neck. Both the Democratic and Republican committees invested heavily in the campaign.  Patten was defeated by Dovilla, leaving him as a one-term Representative.  Along with Patten's defeat, Republicans also took control of the majority in the Ohio House.  After his term was completed, Patten returned to the Berea area."@en .corpus270.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Schneider_(politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark A. Schneider is a Democratic politician who served in the Ohio House of Representatives.  A former Cuyahoga County assistant prosecutor, Schneider entered the election in 2008 to defeat one-term incumbent Carol-Ann Schindel.  A contentious race, it proved to be one of the closest watched of the cycle.  Ultimately, aided by a strong showing by Barack Obama, Schneider defeated Schindel soundly.Schneider was sworn into his seat on January 5, 2009, beginning his two year term.  Although an advocate for his district, as a freshman, Schneider followed closely to the party lines, leaving him vulnerable for reelection.  Former Representative Ron Young ran for office against Schneider.In an overwhelmingly Republican year, Young defeated Schneider, taking back his seat.  Schneider has since returned to the private sector.Schneider was charged with driving under the influence in 2011."@en .corpus270.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_culture_kid> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Third culture kid (TCK, 3CK) is a term used to refer to children who were raised in a culture outside of their parents’ culture for a significant part of their development years. The definition is not constrained to describing only children, but can also be used to describe adults who have had this experience of being a TCK. The experience of being a TCK is unique in that these individuals are moving between cultures before they have had the opportunity to fully develop their personal and cultural identity. The first culture of children refers to the culture of the country from which the parents originated, the second culture refers to the culture in which the family currently resides, and the third culture refers to the amalgamation of these two cultures. The third culture is further reinforced with the interaction of the third culture individual with the expatriate community that currently resides in the host country.Today, the population of third culture kids, also referred to as \"third culture individuals\" (TCIs), is increasing with globalization, more opportunities for jobs and work overseas, with international education being more accessible, and various other factors. Some well-known TCIs include the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama, and Abby Huntsman, daughter of former U.S. Ambassador to China and former Governor of Utah Jon Huntsman, Jr., who lived in Beijing and various other Asian cities due to her father's career path. Currently, there are as many bilingual children in the world as there are monolingual children. TCIs are often exposed to a second (or third, fourth, etc.) language while living in their host culture. This means that TCIs are often bilingual, and sometimes even multilingual."@en .corpus270.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Watson_Stetson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jane Watson Stetson is the National Finance Chair for the Democratic National Committee, the organization which governs the Democratic Party of the United States. She has also held positions for U.S. Representative Peter Welch of Vermont, Vermont Governor Howard Dean, and President Barack Obama."@en .corpus270.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_Academy_of_International_Studies_6-12> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Barack Obama Academy of International Studies, also known as Pittsburgh Obama 6-12, is a public school in the East Liberty neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It is named in honor of the 44th and current President of the United States, Barack Obama.Pittsburgh Obama is an International Baccalaureate school which was created when the Pittsburgh Public Schools combined Frick Middle School and Schenley High School. As of the 2012-2013 school year, Pittsburgh Obama is located in the former Peabody High School building. Before that, it was housed in the former Reizenstein Middle School building for three years."@en .corpus270.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musekinin_Hero> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Musekinin Hero\" (無責任ヒーロー, Musekinin Hīrō) (Eng: Irresponsible Hero) is the ninth single released by the Japanese boyband Kanjani8. The single was the first that featured three separate versions since the release of Kan Fu Fighting. The two limited edition singles featured different B-side tracks and DVDs of their unit and band performs from the 2009 Summer Concert tour. The regular edition featured one B side.This single was released during the height of the 2008 American Presidential Election and the hidden gag for the single was biting off of the then Democrat Presidential Nominee Barack Obama craze that had hit Japan. Band member Ryuhei Maruyama played a campaigning politician in the promotional video and was featured inside the regular edition CD jacket.\"Musekinin Hero\" is currently the group's most successful single, out performing the success of \"Kan Fu Fighting\" in just first week sales alone. The song managed to be the 11th top selling single in 2008 despite its late year release."@en .corpus271.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_books_and_films_about_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of books and films about Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States."@en .corpus271.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can!Jani> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Can! Jani: Kanjani Eight's Great Plan to Save the Planet Earth (Can!ジャニ：関ジャニ∞の地球救出大作戦, Kan! Jani: Kanjani Eito no Chikyū Kyūshutsu Dai sakusen) was a Japanese TV variety that aired every Saturday on TV Asahi. The show ran from October 4, 2008 to September 26, 2009 for a total of 49 episodes. It had suffered from frequent time changes before settling for the 3:00pm time slot. The show was created after the high success of their two previous television specials that aired on TV Asahi, Dadaiyaman and Dadaiyaman Z. Its slogan first was, \" For the world's sake, for the people's sake! \" but it changed to \" Can We Do It? Yes We Can! \", a play on the show's title as well as on Barack Obama's campaign slogan after he had won the U.S. presidential election (Episode 10).Can! Jani, as its commonly referred to, is a show in which Kanjani Eight were given assignments from Command Can to help better assist and save the planet earth. Each assignment, given to the show by its viewers, ranged from hiking in the woods to downtown Tokyo apartment guides. At the end of each episode Command Can would then give his score to the unit he sent out to complete the task, which, usually depending on the circumstances, always was a decent score.The majority of the episodes opened up with a conversation between Command Can and Kanjani8. Command Can was an animated puppet on the show designed to look like a yellow can wearing a blue hat. He was extremely sarcastic, always taking the opportunity to berate the members of Kanjani8 and thoroughly embarrass them on TV. During the first half of the show, You Yokoyama would bicker with the character almost every week—Usually trying to one up the can which would always then backfire on him."@en .corpus271.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Airlines_Flight_253> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Northwest Airlines Flight 253 was an international passenger flight from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in Haarlemmermeer, Netherlands, to Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport in Romulus, Michigan, United States. The flight was the target of a failed al-Qaeda bombing attempt on Christmas Day, December 25, 2009, in which a passenger tried to set off plastic explosives sewn to his underwear.  There were 290 people on board the aircraft—an Airbus A330-323E operated by Northwest Airlines, which had merged with Delta Air Lines the year before.  Had the attempt succeeded, it would have surpassed American Airlines Flight 191 as the deadliest aviation occurrence on U.S. soil and tied Iran Air Flight 655 as the eighth-deadliest of all time.  The incident was also the second in 2009 involving an Airbus A330, after Air France Flight 447 on 1 June.The convicted bomber in the \"Christmas Day bombing attempt\" was 23-year-old Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, a Nigerian who had concealed plastic explosives in his underwear but failed to detonate them properly. A Dutch passenger, Jasper Schuringa, tackled and restrained him and put out the fire with the aid of others. Abdulmutallab was handcuffed while the pilot safely landed the plane. In all, three people were injured: Abdulmutallab, Schuringa, and one other passenger. Upon landing in Detroit, Abdulmutallab was arrested and taken to a hospital for treatment of his burns. On December 28, 2009, al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) claimed responsibility for the attempted bombing. On January 6, 2010, a federal grand jury indicted Abdulmutallab on six criminal charges, including attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and attempted murder.Reports indicated that the U.S. had received intelligence regarding a planned attack by a Yemen-based Nigerian man. While describing security measures taken by U.S. and foreign governments in the immediate aftermath of the attack, U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano, said, \"once the incident occurred, the system worked.\" She cited \"the actions of the passengers and the crew on this flight\" to show \"why that system is so important.\" After heavy criticism, she stated the following day that the system \"failed miserably\", this time referring to Abdulmutallab's boarding the flight with an explosive device. U.S. President Barack Obama called the U.S.'s failure to prevent the bombing attempt \"totally unacceptable\", and ordered an investigation.On April 6, 2010, it was reported that President Obama had authorized the assassination of Anwar al-Awlaki, a Muslim cleric who was accused by the Obama administration of being a Yemen-based al-Qaeda commander behind the plot. Al-Awlaki was killed on September 30, 2011."@en .corpus271.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Solow> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alan P. Solow is an American lawyer, Jewish leader and philanthropist. He is a partner at DLA Piper's bankruptcy group based in Chicago, and a Chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations.  He is also a veteran supporter and a longtime friend of the United States President Barack Obama."@en .corpus271.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Rights_Litigation_Clearinghouse> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Civil Rights Litigation Clearinghouse is a website that posts information and documents relating to civil rights litigation.  The Clearinghouse was founded by law professor Margo Schlanger in 2005, at Washington University in St. Louis, and moved in 2009 to the University of Michigan.The Clearinghouse makes its information and documents available at no cost to policy-makers, researchers, advocates, teachers, students, and the general public. It is the leading internet source for the thousands of cases it covers, allowing the public unprecedented access to case documents, including court complaints and settlements.  It posts both historical documents, like the original court complaint and the trial transcript in Brown v. Board of Education (at http://www.clearinghouse.net/chDocs/public/SD-KS-0001-0008.pdf and http://www.clearinghouse.net/chDocs/public/SD-KS-0001-0002.pdf), and more modern ones, like the settlement agreement in Buycks-Roberson v. Citibank, a fair lending case President Barack Obama litigated in the 1990s (at http://www.clearinghouse.net/chDocs/public/FH-IL-0011-0008.pdf). It has received funding from the National Science Foundation and acknowledgement in newspaper editorial pages.The Civil Rights Litigation Clearinghouse is one of three law-school-based case Clearinghouses.  The others, both at Stanford Law School, deal with intellectual property (the Stanford Intellectual Property Clearinghouse, at http://www.lexmachina.org/), and securities class action litigation (the Stanford Securities Class Action Clearinghouse, at http://securities.stanford.edu/, co-sponsored by Cornerstone Research)."@en .corpus271.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassination_threats_against_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States, has been the target of several assassination attempts and alleged plots since he first became a presidential candidate in 2007. Secret Service protection for Obama began after the Senator received a death threat in 2007, while serving as the junior Senator of Illinois and running for president. This marked the earliest time a candidate received such protection before being nominated. Security was increased early for Barack Obama due to fears of possible assassination attempts by white supremacist or other racist groups or individuals against the first African American major party presidential nominee.Some of the threats have been extended to members of Obama's family, including First Lady Michelle Obama. Obama and his officials have generally declined to discuss death threats against him since entering the presidential race. While some commentators have suggested the unusually high amount of death threats surrounding Obama are at least partially tied to the use of racist imagery and words used by some of Obama's critics to describe the president, in 2009 the Secret Service stated that the volume of threats against Obama was \"comparable to that under George W. Bush and Bill Clinton.\""@en .corpus271.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religion_and_politics_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Religion in the United States is remarkable both in its high adherence level compared to other developed countries as well as its diversity. The First Amendment to the country's Constitution prevents the government from having any authority in religion, and guarantees the free exercise of religion. A majority of Americans report that religion plays a \"very important\" role in their lives, a proportion unusual among developed nations, though similar to other nations in the Americas. Many faiths have flourished in the United States, including imports spanning the country's multicultural heritage as well as those founded within the country, and have led the United States to become the most religiously diverse country in the world.The majority of Americans identify themselves as Christians (76%), while non-Christian religions (including Buddhism, Hinduism, Judaism, and others) collectively make up about 4% of the adult population. Another 15% of the adult population identified as having no religious affiliation. According to the American Religious Identification Survey, religious belief varies considerably across the country: 59% of Americans living in Western states report a belief in God, yet in the South (the \"Bible Belt\") the figure is as high as 86%.The United States has more Christians than any other country in the world.Politicians frequently discuss their religion when campaigning, and many churches and religious figures are highly politically active. As important as religion is in  politics, Jefferson, the third president of the United States, had to fight his way into office due to his controversial thoughts about religion. His writing was often seen as anti-Christian. It is argued that Jefferson’s win can be linked to him changing the election’s narrative from one about his own religious beliefs, to one about his tolerance of religious freedom (Lambert).However, to keep their status as tax-exempt organizations they must not officially endorse a candidate. There are Christians in both the Democratic Party and the Republican Party, but evangelical Christians tend to support the Republican Party whereas more liberal Christians and secular voters tend to support the Democratic Party.Every President and Vice President, with the exception of the current president, Barack Obama, was raised in a family with affiliations with Christian religions. Only former President John F. Kennedy, and current Vice President Joe Biden were raised in Roman Catholic families. Two former presidents, Richard Nixon and Herbert Hoover, were raised as Quakers. All the rest were raised in families affiliated with Protestant Christianity. However, many presidents have themselves had only a nominal affiliation with churches, and some never joined any church.There has never been a Jewish President or Vice-President. The only Jewish major party candidate for either of those offices was Joe Lieberman in the Gore-Lieberman campaign of 2000 (although John Kerry and Barry Goldwater both had Jewish ancestry). Lieberman's faith is Orthodox Judaic. Some sources indicate that Jews constitute only 1.4% of the U.S. population, although others indicate that Jews comprise as much as 2.1% of the population (a significant decline from over 3% in the 1950s, chiefly due to the relatively low birthrate among Jewish Americans and high rates of out-marriage to non-Jews).While fundamentalist religious people are less likely to have information collected about who they will vote for, they “tend to engage mainstream political activity at higher rates than the average American\". Voter Gap between Surveys and Voting. Sociology Of Religion, 68(1), p. 93 Retrieved from EBSCOhost.While there is a common belief that religious voters will always vote republican that is not necessarily the case. Whether the vote is made for one party or another is noticeably based on socioeconomic status. For low income religious people, there is almost no correlation between their religious beliefs and their voting decision.George W. Bush, a Methodist, earned a slim victory over John Kerry, with voters who cited \"moral values\" (a commonly used term among religiously-inclined voters) playing a crucial part in the election. Bush’s clear victory has been directly attributed to fundamentalist Christian groups.In 2006 Keith Ellison became the first Muslim elected to the federal government, as the representative of Minnesota's 5th congressional district. When re-enacting his swearing-in for photos, he used the copy of the Qur'an once owned by Thomas Jefferson.A Gallup Poll released in 2007 indicated that 53% of Americans would refuse to vote for an atheist as president, up from 48% in 1987 and 1999."@en .corpus271.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_views_and_involvement_in_US_politics> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "While earlier Jewish immigrants from Germany tended to be politically conservative, the wave of Eastern European Jews starting in the early 1880s, were generally more liberal or left wing and became the political majority. Many of the latter came to America with experience in the socialist, anarchist and communist movements as well as the Labor Bund, emanating from Eastern Europe.  Many Jews rose to leadership positions in the early 20th century American labor movement and helped to found unions that played a major role in left wing politics and, after 1936, in Democratic Party politics.  For most of the 20th century since 1936, the vast majority of Jews in the United States have been aligned with the Democratic Party.  Towards the end of the 20th century and at the beginning of the 21st century, Republicans have launched initiatives to woo American Jews away from the Democratic Party.Over the past century, Jews in Europe and the Americas have traditionally tended towards the political left, and played key roles in the birth of the labor movement as well as socialism. While Diaspora Jews have also been represented in the conservative side of the political spectrum, even politically conservative Jews have tended to support pluralism more consistently than many other elements of the political right.However, Israelis are markedly less left-wing, favoring Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney over Barack Obama in the 2012 United States presidential election by a 57 percent to 22 percent margin.There are also a number of Jewish secular organizations at the local, national, and international levels.  These organizations often play an important part in the Jewish community.  Most of the largest groups, such as Hadassah and the United Jewish Communities, have an elected leadership.  No one secular group represents the entire Jewish community, and there is often significant internal debate among Jews about the stances these organizations take on affairs dealing with the Jewish community as a whole, such as antisemitism and Israeli policies. In the United States and Canada today, the mainly secular United Jewish Communities (UJC), formerly known as the United Jewish Appeal (UJA), represents over 150 Jewish Federations and 400 independent communities across North America. Every major American city has its local \"Jewish Federation\", and many have sophisticated community centers and provide services, mainly health care-related. They raise record sums of money for philanthropic and humanitarian causes in North America and Israel. Other organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League, American Jewish Congress, American Jewish Committee, American Israel Public Affairs Committee, Zionist Organization of America, Americans for a safe Israel, B'nai B'rith and Agudath Israel represent different segments of the American Jewish community on a variety of issues."@en .corpus272.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Radonjić> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Milan Radonjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Радоњић), better known as Milan Tarot, born on 11 April 1973 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia, is a known TV personality, comedian, satirist and tarot card reader in the Balkan region.At first, after finishing high school, Radonjić worked late-night tarot shows on local TV stations in Serbia such as TV Duga and TV Palma Plus. His shows gained considerable mainstream interest, including single and multiple page interviews in Jutarnji list, Večernji list and Blic, after a series of video clips with Radonjić's bizarre predictions and advices, such as \"You will get pregnant in seven days if you read Pinocchio every day.\", emerged on the Internet.Consequently and especially after Serbian law prohibited TV card readings, he started working at five television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina, including nationwide OBN television based in Sarajevo, and a number of television stations in Croatia, including nationwide Nova TV based in Zagreb. Allegedly, his contract with OBN is worth 780 thousand US dollars, but that, like most things Radonjić publicly claims, is doubtable.In his usual half-joking, half-serious style, Radonjić claims that his shows are adapted for year 2017 and therefore only 15 percent of the people understand him. He also stated he has bought YouTube and that Barack Obama and Bill Gates have consulted him for advice."@en .corpus272.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Main> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joe Main is the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health, and head of the United States Department of Labor's Mine Safety and Health Administration. He was nominated to serve the position by Barack Obama and took office after being confirmed by the United States Senate on October 21, 2009.Main was born and raised in Waynesburg, Greene County, Pennsylvania. He began working in coal mines in 1967. In 1974 he was hired as an assistant to the International President of the United Mine Workers of America. He later served as a safety inspector, administrative assistant and deputy director in the UMWA's Safety Division. In 1982 he was appointed administrator of the UMWA Occupational Health and Safety Department where he oversaw health and safety programs.President Obama's nomination of Main met with support from the UMWA and Representative George Miller, chairman of the House Committee on Education and Labor. In a statement, the UMWA said \"we look forward to working with Joe and Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis to reverse the years of decline in both labor law and health and safety enforcement that occurred at the Department of Labor and MSHA under the previous administration.\"Between his nomination to head the MSHA and concluding his career with UMWA, Main worked as a mine safety consultant and served on federal advisory committees, joint labor-management committees, mining industry partnerships and international committees relating to mine safety.With Main's Senate confirmation on October 21, 2009, he became the first to be confirmed to the MSHA position since 2004, following acting-Assistant Secretary Dick Stickler. He was expected to initiate more strict regulations as a result of a 2006 law passed after a series of mine accidents resulted in the deaths of 47 miners.The Charleston Gazette described Main's objectives in his role at MSHA following a conference call in which he describes his plans to the media. They included acting \"fairly quickly\" on a plan to end black lung disease; examine changes to emergency response procedures following accidents including those at Sago, Aracoma, and Crandall Canyon in 2006 and 2007; and taking a more supportive stance with whistleblowers who report unsafe working conditions."@en .corpus272.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Corn_Growers_Association> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American Corn Growers Association (ACGA) is a commodity and advocacy association founded in 1987 which represents the interests of corn (maize) producers in the United States, where corn is used for human and animal food and to produce ethanol. A rival group, the National Corn Growers Association, is seen as more closely aligned with the food processing industry.In 2008, ACGA endorsed Barack Obama's candidacy in the United States presidential elections that year."@en .corpus272.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_the_presidency_of_Barack_Obama_(2010)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a timeline of the Presidency of Barack Obama, from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2010. For his time as President-elect, see the Presidential transition of Barack Obama; for a detailed account of his first months in office, see First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency; for a complete itinerary of his travels, see List of presidential trips made by Barack Obama."@en .corpus272.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_and_Overseas_Voter_Empowerment_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Military and Overseas Voter Empowerment Act (or MOVE Act) is Subtitle H of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (H.R. 2647, Pub.L. 111–84, 123 Stat. 2190.) and was signed into law in the United States signed by President Barack Obama on October 28, 2009. The law amended various provisions of the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA). The overall purpose of the law is to help military serving overseas and citizens who live abroad vote in U.S. elections. Most provisions apply to the  November 2010 elections. A notable exception is the requirement (in Subsection E) that requires states to allow \"a UOCAVA voter to enter his/her address or other information relevant to the local election jurisdiction and receive a list of all candidates for Federal office in that jurisdiction\".However, implementation of the act has been spotty, with only 15 states having fully implemented it. In California, only 15 of its 58 counties failed to comply with the law, resulting in military absentee ballots not being counted as they were received too late. Yet, 90 percent of absentee ballots sent to American civilians living abroad are returned and counted, compared to 2/3rds of absentee ballots mailed by overseas military personnel. In a report by the Overseas Vote Foundation released in January 2013, 21.6 percent of military voters did not receive their ballots, and 13.8 percent of military voters tried to vote but couldn't."@en .corpus272.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Solomont> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alan D. Solomont (Boston, 1949) is the former United States Ambassador to Spain and Andorra. He was selected for the post by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the United States Senate on December 24, 2009. He is currently the Pierre and Pamela Omidyar Dean of the Jonathan M. Tisch College of Citizenship and Public Service at Tufts University in Medford, Massachusetts."@en .corpus272.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Change> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Game Change: Obama and the Clintons, McCain and Palin, and the Race of a Lifetime is a book by political journalists John Heilemann and Mark Halperin about the 2008 United States presidential election. Released on January 11, 2010, it was also published in the United Kingdom under the title Race of a Lifetime: How Obama Won the White House. The book is based on interviews with more than 300 people involved in the campaign. It discusses factors including Democratic Party presidential candidate John Edwards' extramarital affair, the relationship between Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama and his vice presidential running mate Joe Biden, the failure of Republican Party candidate Rudy Giuliani's presidential campaign and Sarah Palin's vice presidential candidacy.The book is divided into three parts. Part 1 (fourteen chapters) is about the Democratic primary race between Obama and Clinton as well as the Edwards affair. Part 2 (three chapters) is about the Republican primary race. Part 3 (six chapters) describe the fall campaign between Obama and John McCain."@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.N._Linn_House> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The R. N. Linn House, also known as the Robert A. and Eleanor C. Nordyke Residence, at 2013 Kakela Drive in Honolulu, Hawaiʻi, was built in 1928 in the style of architecture then emerging in Hawaiʻi during the 1920s. Although it is relatively modest cottage, it exhibits such typical elements of that style as a double-pitched hip roof (also known as a Dickey roof), exposed rafters, casement windows, an open floor plan, Chinese interior motifs, and a panoramic view. Its architect was J. Alvin Shadinger, who was noted especially for his interior designs. The house was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.Many of the leading architects in Honolulu during the 1920s consciously employed both European and Asian motifs in their designs, as they pursued a distinctive Hawaiian style of architecture that celebrated the multiethnic roots of Island society. Among the most influential was Hart Wood, whose artful blending of motifs can still be seen in the First Chinese Church of Christ, the Alexander & Baldwin Building, and the Gump Building (all built in 1929), as well as in several grand private residences. The R. N. Linn house is one of the few fine middle-class homes from that period to show similar Chinese influences.Reuben N. Linn was a court reporter and his wife Merle taught at Waialua Elementary School. They had acquired a lot of Chinese household furniture during a trip to China in 1922, and this likely influenced their choice of interior design. They lived in the house until 1950, when Mrs. Linn died. The Nordykes, who were friends of the Linns, bought the house in 1960. In 1961, Mrs. Nordyke gave birth to twin daughters in the same maternity ward at Kapi'olani Medical Center for Women & Children where Ann Dunham was giving birth to Barack Obama. The twins were classmates of the future President at Noelani Elementary School and then at Punahou School."@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Sender> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sol Sender is an American graphic designer and brand strategist best known for leading the design of the logo for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. Sender is a partner at the design firm VSA Partners. Sender's father is composer and writer Ramon Sender, son of Ramon J. Sender."@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reagan_Era> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Reagan Era or Age of Reagan is a periodization of recent American history used by historians and political observers to emphasize that the conservative \"Reagan Revolution\" led by President Ronald Reagan in domestic and foreign policy had a permanent impact. It overlaps with what political scientists call the Sixth Party System.  In Wilentz's (2008) view, Reagan dominated this stretch of American history in the same way that President Franklin Roosevelt and his New Deal legacy dominated the four decades that succeeded it. The Reagan Era included ideas and personalities beyond Reagan himself; he is usually characterized as the leader of a broadly based conservative movement whose ideas, whether good or bad, dominated national policy making in areas such as taxes, welfare, defense, the federal judiciary and the Cold War. Liberals generally lament the Reagan Era, while conservatives generally praise it and call for its continuation in the 21st century.Campaigning for the Democratic nomination  in 2008, Barack Obama interpreted how Reagan changed the nation's trajectory:\"I think Ronald Reagan changed the trajectory of America in a way that Richard Nixon did not and in a way that Bill Clinton did not. He put us on a fundamentally different path because the country was ready for it. I think they felt like with all the excesses of the 1960s and 1970s and government had grown and grown but there wasn't much sense of accountability in terms of how it was operating. I think that people... he just tapped into what people were already feeling, which was we want clarity, we want optimism, we want a return to that sense of dynamism and entrepreneurship that had been missing.\""@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Crisis_Responsibility_Fee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Financial Crisis Responsibility Fee is a proposed tax by U.S. President Barack Obama which would act upon certain financial firms, being imposed until that financial firm had paid off all money provided to it under the Troubled Assets Relief Program.  It was proposed in January 2010.  The tax would only apply to those U.S. firms, or firms that received subsidies from the United States, with $50 billion or more in consolidated assets.  The tax would be calculated by taking the total assets, subtracting that amount from Tier 1 capital and insured deposits, and then tax the remaining amount at a 0.15% rate.    In February 2010, the Obama Administration made an announcement in order to further justify the imposition of this tax:\"Excessive risk undertaken by major financial firms was a significant cause of the recent financial crisis. . . . The fee would . . . provide a deterrent against excessive leverage for the largest financial firms.\"The Fee is still just a proposal as of October, 2011."@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_media_reaction_to_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Following the 2008 United States presidential election, media around the world reacted in a variety of ways. Most expressed positive hopes and expectations for the president-elect, but some tried to prepare their readers for disappointment. Editorials varied from elation to cautious optimism, and a few were outright skeptical. Many celebrated Barack Obama's win as historic and a sign of changing race-relations in the United States. Many commentators said the election results surprised them because there was an international perception that America was too racist to elect a black president. Many also said people in their country were blinded by infatuation with Obama and encouraged them to see him as a normal human being capable of error. Within a week, the excitement and elation subsided somewhat and many newspaper editorials began to caution that Obama had enormous obstacles ahead.The election was closely watched from around the world and domestic media, including CNN and PBS, tracked the international reaction. Newspapers in most continents covered the electoral outcome on their front pages or as the top story. The Associated Press reported that \"Obama-mania was evident not only across Europe but also in much of the Islamic world.\""@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stafford_Foundation> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Stafford Foundation (TSF) is a non-profit organization which \"furthers the cause of Jesus Christ by investing in education and training to empower the underserved to do good.\" The foundation collaborates with and invests in capacity-building efforts that equip the underserved through programs that provide health, education, training and faith-based mission support. The organization was founded in 2002 and is based in Reston, Virginia.The Stafford Foundation is best known for its People’s Inaugural Project which brought 300 disadvantaged individuals from across America to Washington, D.C. to help celebrate in the historic presidential inauguration of Barack Obama. Founder Earl W. Stafford spent over $1 million of his own money to fund the effort.The foundation recently launched The People's Project, which continues to build on the goodwill established by the People's Inaugural Project. TSF also recently announced its \"Doing Good\" campaign, with spokesperson Bill Cosby, as an effort provide people with the information and resources they need to help make a difference by doing good for others in need."@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Bush_Haiti_Fund> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Clinton Bush Haiti Fund was a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded on January 16, 2010, by former U.S. Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, to aid the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake. The organization was formed in response to the request of President Barack Obama for the former Presidents to assist in the Haitian rescue effort. The fund concluded formal operations on December 31, 2012.The Clinton Bush Haiti Fund's efforts focused primarily on longer-term reconstruction, especially supporting job creation, workforce development, and the promotion of economic opportunity. The fund's stated purpose was to support the restart, expansion and creation of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises, to which women are often key contributors; empower people and enterprises by helping them access the formal business sector; promote job creation (particularly jobs with direct social benefit, such as in health and education); and to provide life skills and job training, especially to youth, so that Haitians can embrace economic opportunity."@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Lorjuste> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gregory Lorjuste (born 1982) is an Associate Director of Scheduling to President Barack Obama. Prior to that, Lorjuste already worked for Obama at Obama for America. Lorjuste is one of three associate directors working under Alyssa Mastromonaco. He graduated with a Bachelor's degree from Rider University in 2004"@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope!_–_Das_Obama_Musical> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hope! – Das Obama Musical (English: Hope! - The Obama Musical) is a German musical inspired by the personal life and career of U.S. President Barack Obama, from his time in Chicago, Illinois, until the 2008 U.S. presidential election.  The show premiered on January 17, 2010, at Frankfurt's Jahrhunderthalle, a 2,000-seat venue.  It is believed to be the first stage production portraying the life of a U.S. president while he is still serving in office."@en .corpus273.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ertharin_Cousin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ertharin Cousin (born 1957) is, since 2012, the twelfth Executive Director of the United Nations World Food Programme.From 2009 to 2012, Ertharin Cousin served under President Barack Obama as the United States Ambassador to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture, serving in Rome, Italy, and chief of the United States Mission to the UN Agencies in Rome.  Before that, she worked in a variety of public and private sector positions, first as a Democratic Party official, later specializing in the food industry and related charities from the late 1990s on. In 2014, Cousin was ranked  number 45th on the Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women and she was named to the TIME 100 most influential people in the world list."@en .corpus274.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_orientation_and_the_United_States_military> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States military excluded gay men and lesbians from service from its origins until 2011. The military consistently held the official view that gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people are unfit for military service. Policy against LGBT service personnel evolved independently in the various branches of the military before being unified and codified in military policy. In 1993, the United States Congress passed and President Bill Clinton signed a law instituting the policy commonly referred to as \"Don't ask, don't tell\" (DADT) which allowed gay, lesbian, and bisexual people to serve as long as they did not reveal their sexual orientation. Although there were isolated instances in which service personnel met with limited success through lawsuits, efforts to end the ban either legislatively or through the courts proved unsuccessful.In 2010, two federal courts ruled the ban on openly gay service personnel unconstitutional and on July 6, 2011, a federal appeals court suspended the DADT policy. In December 2010, Congress passed and President Barack Obama signed the Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repeal Act of 2010 and under its provisions restrictions on service by gay, lesbian, and bisexual personnel ended as of September 20, 2011.Department of Defense regulations bar transgender persons from military service."@en .corpus274.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Wilson_(businessperson)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harry J. Wilson is a former investor and restructuring expert from the United States, who has served in several high positions in the U.S. Treasury Department and on President Barack Obama's Auto Industry Task Force. Wilson filed for office on February 16, 2010, running unopposed for the Republican primary for New York State Comptroller.  He ran unsuccessfully against Thomas DiNapoli for Comptroller in the general election on November 2, 2010."@en .corpus274.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Milk> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stuart Milk (born December 26, 1960) is a global LGBT human rights activist and political speaker.  Stuart, nephew of civil rights leader Harvey Milk, is the co-founder of the Harvey Milk Foundation. Milk has engaged in domestic and international activism, including work with LGBT movements in Latin America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East.Stuart Milk has promoted his uncle's story and addressed LGBT rights in formal major addresses on multiple continents, including before the United Kingdom House of Lords in 2012, the Italian Chamber of Deputies in 2011,  the Panamanian National Assembly in 2010, and Turkish Great Assembly in 2009. Milk is frequently quoted in international news and seen on broadcast television from the New York Times to BBC World Report discussing issues of LGBT inclusion and diversity. He is also a featured writer and columnist for the Huffington Post, focusing on global human rights. During the US 2012 election season, Stuart gave public endorsements in the US Presidential campaign, where he was a surrogate for Barack Obama, and in a race for Mayor of San Diego.  In the San Diego race, he backed LGBT supporter, Congressman Bob Filner, over an openly gay conservative, Carl DeMaio.  Filner narrowly won the election becoming the first Democrat to be elected Mayor of San Diego in 30 years."@en .corpus274.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-Value_Interrogation_Group> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group (HIG) is a U.S. intelligence-gathering group created by President Barack Obama in August 2009. Its charter was written in April 2010. It was established to question terrorism suspects soon after their arrests to extract information to head off unfolding plots and track down accomplices.The group mainly interrogates people overseas. The Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair said in January 2010 that the group would begin interrogating people in the U.S. as well.The group is made up of intelligence professionals from many branches of the U.S. government including the United States Department of State (runs Special Activities Division), Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), and United States Department of Defense, is housed within the FBI, and run under the auspices of the National Security Council. It is headed by an FBI employee with two deputies (one from the CIA, and one from the U.S. Defense Department), and has three regional teams. It is staffed by linguists, terrorism analysts, and professional interrogators, and supplemented by other government specialists.The group's creation shifted power from the CIA and the FBI to the White House.HIG questioned Faisal Shahzad, the Times Square car bomber, Boston Marathon bombings suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, and Benghazi terror suspect Ahmed Abu Khatallah."@en .corpus274.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Contreras-Sweet> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Maria Contreras-Sweet (born 1955) is the 24th and current Administrator of the Small Business Administration. She was formerly the executive chairwoman and founder of ProAmérica Bank, a commercial bank focusing on small to mid-sized businesses with a specialty in the Latino community.  Born in Guadalajara, Mexico, Contreras-Sweet immigrated to Los Angeles, California and has since been involved in both the private sector founding a private equity firm and in public service as the California Secretary of Business, Transportation, and Housing under Governor Gray Davis.On January 15, 2014, she was nominated by President Barack Obama to join his Cabinet as head of the Small Business Administration. She was confirmed as the Administrator of the Small Business Administration by voice vote on March 27, 2014. She assumed role of her position as Administrator of the Small Business Administration on April 7, 2014."@en .corpus274.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_to_the_Top> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Race to the Top, abbreviated R2T, RTTT or RTT, is a $4.35 billion United States Department of Education contest created to spur innovation and reforms in state and local district K-12 education. It is funded by the ED Recovery Act as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and was announced by President Barack Obama and Secretary of Education Arne Duncan on July 24, 2009. States were awarded points for satisfying certain educational policies, such as performance-based standards (often referred to as an Annual professional performance review) for teachers and principals, complying with Common Core standards, lifting caps on charter schools, turning around the lowest-performing schools, and building data systems."@en .corpus275.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayatullah_Khan_(Taliban_leader)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mullah Hayatullah Khan is a Taliban leader and spokesmen.In 2004 Khan informed journalists that the Taliban's leadership were in Afghanistan, not taking sanctuary in Balochistan.When Hayatullah Khan made his first statement, in 2004, President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai said \"Who is this Taliban commander Hayatullah Khan who made this claim? I have never heard his name and probably you also don’t know him.\".In February 2007 he was quoted about the Taliban's capture of Musa Qala.He asserted that the Taliban had over 300 fighters in Musa Qala.He said that the Taliban had thousands of individuals who had volunteered to be suicide bombers.In April 2007 he told the Daily Times that the Taliban had Afghans who were willing to serve as suicide bombers waiting to attack in major cities in Afghanistan.In October 2007 he asserted that the Taliban had played no role in the assassination attempt of Benazir Bhutto.He said that “The Afghan Taliban are not involved in attacks in foreign countries.”In an interview with Reuters in November 2007 he described managing hundreds of suicide bombers.He told Reuters:  \"Next year, 2008, will be the bloodiest year for U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan and we will make the Afghan land a graveyard for foreign forces,\"Hayatullah Khan issued the Taliban's reaction on January 20, 2009, the day Barack Obama was inaugurated.He promised that \"The increase of U.S. forces by Obama will provide us fresh and easy targets. Mujahideen are preparing, and as soon as winter goes, an intensity will be seen in our attacks in Afghanistan.\"In 2009 Hayatullah Khan reappeared again, and again asserted that the Taliban's leadership was in Afghanistan, not Pakistan.He said that Pakistan was more dangerous for the Taliban's leadership than Afghanistan.He denied the existence of the Quetta Shura."@en .corpus275.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_K._Ward> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joy K. Ward is a notable evolutionary biologist who is an Associate Professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at the University of Kansas. In 2009, she was presented with the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers by U.S. President Barack Obama"@en .corpus275.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_United_States_federal_budget> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2011 United States federal budget is the United States federal budget to fund government operations for the fiscal year 2011, which is October 2010 – September 2011.  The budget is the subject of a spending request by President Barack Obama.  The actual appropriations for Fiscal Year 2011 had to be authorized by the full Congress before it could take effect, according to the United States budget process.No budget was passed by the September 30 deadline, and the government was funded by a series of seven continuing resolutions continuing funding at or near 2010 levels. The budget negotiations culminated in early April 2011, with a tense legislative standoff leading to speculation that the nation would face its first government shutdown since 1995. However, a deal containing $38.5 billion in cuts from 2010 funding levels was reached with just hours remaining before the deadline. The 2011 budget was enacted on April 15, 2011, as Public Law 112-10, the Department of Defense and Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2011."@en .corpus275.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiff_Gallagher> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Christopher \"Kiff\" Gallagher is an American musician, songwriter, and nonprofit administrator, noted for his work in public service.In 1993, Gallagher helped to create AmeriCorps, then served as president of the Social Venture Network before leaving to pursue singing and songwriting. He was never signed to a label, so decided to return to his background in public service.  In 2008, his idea for a public service music education initiative was endorsed by then president-elect Barack Obama and former Governor of Arkansas Mike Huckabee.Gallagher subsequently became CEO and founder of the nonprofit Music National Service (\"MNS\"), which administers MusicianCorps, a program that recruits musicians to serve as music teachers. \"MNS [initially] launched a domestic 'musical Peace Corps' called MusicianCorps in four cities – SF/Oakland Bay Area, Chicago, New Orleans and Seattle – where twenty MusicianCorps Fellows serve[d] full-time in public schools, parks and recreation centers, children’s and veteran's hospitals, public housing communities and elsewhere in return for a living stipend, health benefits and professional development.\" A 2008 Aspen Institute \"Ideas Fellow,\" he graduated in 1991 from Wesleyan University with honors from the College of Letters."@en .corpus275.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin's_Law> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kevin's Law (as referred to in Representative Anna Eshoo's introduction of the law in 2005 and in the 2008 documentary Food, Inc.; formally known as the Meat and Poultry Pathogen Reduction and Enforcement Act of 2003) was proposed legislation that would have given the United States Department of Agriculture the power to close down plants that produce contaminated meat.Kevin's Law was nicknamed in memory of two-year-old Kevin Kowalcyk of Colorado, who died in 2001 after developing hemolytic-uremic syndrome due to eating a hamburger contaminated with E. coli O157:H7. The bill was introduced by Rep. Anna G. Eshoo, D-Palo Alto, as H.R. 3160, in the 109th Congress.  This bill never became law, as it was referred to committee but never reported on.In 2011, President Barack Obama signed into law the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA), introduced by Rep. Betty Sutton. The FSMA contains key elements of Kevin's Law.Kevin's Law would strengthen the U.S. government's ability to prevent contaminated meat and poultry from entering the food supply by:Requiring the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) to identify the pathogens that threaten human health (e.g., Salmonella, E. coli O157:H7, Listeria monocytogenes). Requiring the USDA to establish performance standards to reduce the presence of these pathogens in meat and poultry. Confirming that the USDA has the authority to enforce its own standards by shutting down plants that continually breach basic health standards.  Courts have held that the USDA does not  have this authority in the absence of explicit authorizing legislation. Corporate meat processors have lobbied against Kevin's Law, arguing that it would increase the cost of food and is unnecessary."@en .corpus276.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilma_B._Liebman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wilma B. Liebman (born 1950) is an American lawyer and civil servant who is best known for serving as a Member of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB). She was designated Chair of the Board by President Barack Obama on January 20, 2009, becoming only the second woman to lead the NLRB."@en .corpus276.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPEECH_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Securing the Protection of our Enduring and Established Constitutional Heritage (SPEECH) Act is a federal statutory law in the United States that makes foreign libel judgments unenforceable in U.S. courts, unless either the legislation applied offers at least as much protection as the U.S. First Amendment (concerning free speech), or the defendant would have been found liable even if the case had been heard under U.S. law.  The act was passed by the 111th United States Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus277.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statutory_Pay-as-You-Go_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, Title I of Pub.L. 111–139, H.J.Res. 45, enacted on February 12, 2010, is a public law passed during the 111th United States Congress and signed by President Barack Obama. The act reinstated pay-as-you-go budgeting rules used in Congress from 1990 until 2002, ensuring that most new spending is offset by spending cuts or added revenue elsewhere (with several major policy exemptions)."@en .corpus277.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Walsh_(Illinois_politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Joseph \"Joe\" Walsh (born December 27, 1961) is an American conservative talk radio host and politician. He served one term in the United States House of Representatives for Illinois' 8th congressional district. He served from January 2011 through January 2013, after defeating three-term incumbent Democratic Representative Melissa Bean by a margin of just 291 votes in a surprising upset. He is a member of the Republican Party. While he received little Republican Party support in his bid against Bean, he was popular with the Tea Party movement. Walsh ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. House of Representatives in 1996 and for the Illinois General Assembly in 1998. In the 1990s, he called himself a moderate Republican, but he is now a conservative and a Tea Party activist.During his first months in Congress, Walsh emerged as a sharp critic of the Obama Administration, accusing the president of abandoning the U.S.–Israel alliance, and bankrupting the country. He also challenged President Barack Obama to secure the borders with \"moats and alligators\", if necessary. Walsh maintained a no-compromise approach to legislating that included rejecting any tax increases. He consistently voted against raising the federal debt ceiling and authored a balanced budget amendment to the United States Constitution.Walsh's district was redrawn for 2012 by the Democratic-controlled Illinois General Assembly. While he initially planned to run in his newly drawn 14th district against fellow Republican Representative Randy Hultgren, he eventually decided to run in the remapped 8th district against Democratic candidate Tammy Duckworth. Walsh was defeated by Duckworth in the general election on November 6, 2012. He now hosts a conservative radio show on WIND-AM 560 and WNYM-AM 970."@en .corpus277.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/But_I'm_Not_Wrong> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bill Maher: But I'm Not Wrong is Bill Maher's ninth HBO stand-up comedy special. It was filmed at the Progress Energy Center for the Performing Arts in Raleigh, North Carolina, and premiered on February 13, 2010.Maher covered various political and social topics such as Barack Obama, the Tea Party movement, the economy, drugs, terrorism, war and religion.The special was released on DVD on September 14th, 2010.It was nominated at the 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Variety, Music or Comedy Special, but lost to the Kennedy Center Honors."@en .corpus277.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Smith> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James B. Smith (Brooks, Georgia, 1952) is the former United States Ambassador to Saudi Arabia. Selected by President Barack Obama, he was sworn in on September 16, 2009. He left his post on September 27, 2013."@en .corpus277.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_W._Preston> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stephen W. Preston is a United States lawyer who served as General Counsel of the Navy from 1998 to 2000 and in 2009 was nominated by Barack Obama as General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency."@en .corpus278.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesha_Rogers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lakesha (Kesha) Rogers (born December 9, 1976) is an American political activist in the Lyndon LaRouche Youth Movement, a former candidate in the Democratic primary for U.S. Senate in Texas, and former candidate for Texas's 22nd congressional district. Rogers, an African American, is a follower of Lyndon LaRouche and his LaRouche movement. She has called for the impeachment of U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus278.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jen_Psaki> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jennifer Rene \"Jen\" Psaki (pronounced /sɑːkiː/; born December 1, 1978) is the spokesperson for the United States Department of State and a former spokesperson for U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus278.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_religion_conspiracy_theories> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Allegations that Barack Obama secretly follows Islam, or that he is the anti-Christ of Christian eschatology, have been suggested since he campaigned for the U.S. Senate in 2004 and have proliferated since his election as President of the U.S. in 2008. As with conspiracy theories surrounding his citizenship status, these false claims are promoted by various fringe theorists and political opponents. U.S. bloggers and talk radio hosts have particularly promoted the theories. Despite the fact that these assertions are false, belief of these claims in the public sphere have endured and, in some cases, even expanded during Obama's Presidency according to the Pew Research Center, with over one in seven Americans (including one third of conservative Republicans) labeling him as a Muslim."@en .corpus278.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackhawk_Hotel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Blackhawk Hotel is an eleven-story brick and terra cotta building located in Downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.   It has returned to its original name Hotel Blackhawk and is a Marriott Autograph Collection property. Hotel Blackhawk is a member of Historic Hotels of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. The hotel is located next to the north building of the RiverCenter, Davenport's convention center, and across the street from the RiverCenter south building. The hotel is just down the street from the Adler Theatre. The Blackhawk has been host to several high-profile people including Presidents Barack Obama, Herbert Hoover, Richard Nixon, writer Carl Sandburg, and boxer Jack Dempsey. Actor Cary Grant was staying at the Blackhawk Hotel when he died in Davenport. The hotel named rooms 412–414 the \"Nixon Suite\". Big bands such as Guy Lombardo and Stan Kenton played at the Blackhawk on many occasions.  It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983."@en .corpus279.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jibril_Rajoub> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jibril Rajoub (Arabic: جبريل رجوب‎, born 1953), also known by his kunya Abu Rami is a Palestinian political and militant figure.  He was the head of the Preventive Security Force in the West Bank until being dismissed (along with the force's chief in Gaza, Ghazi Jabali) in 2002. He was elected to the Fatah Central Committee at the party's 2009 congress. He also leads the Palestinian Football Federation and the Palestine Olympic Committee.Rajoub was born in the town of Dura, near Hebron. In 1968, he was arrested by Shin Bet at age 15 on suspicion of aiding fleeing Egyptian officers, and spent four months in prison. While in prison, he met a local Fatah leader, who recommended that he be accepted into the organization, which was then secretive. After his release, he joined Fatah. His tasks were to assist fighters and build up cells in the Hebron hills.In September 1970, Rajoub was arrested for throwing a grenade at an Israeli army bus near Hebron. He was tried and convicted of this attack and of membership in an armed group, and sentenced life in prison. He became a prominent figure among prisoners, leading hunger strikes and protests. He also studied Zionism and Hebrew extensively, and together with a cellmate, translated The Revolt by Menachem Begin into Arabic. Rajoub spent time in numerous prisons throughout the West Bank and Israel, as Israeli authorities moved prisoners around to disrupt their organization.In 1985, Rajoub was one of 1,150 Arab prisoners freed in exchange for three Israeli hostages held by the PFLP. He was soon rearrested for resuming militant activities, and was interrogated and placed in solitary confinement. He was hospitalized after a 30-day hunger strike. After his recovery, he returned to prison, and was released seven months later. In September 1986, he was arrested again for militant activity, and was imprisoned until March 1987Rajoub continued to work with Fatah cells in the West Bank. He was arrested for his activities during the First Intifada in December 1987, and was deported to Lebanon in January 1988. He relocated to Tunis, Tunisia, where as an advisor on the intifada to Fatah deputy leader Khalil al-Wazir. After Wazir's assassination by Israeli commandos, he became a close lieutenant of Arafat, and was allegedly behind a 1992 plot to assassinate Ariel Sharon.In 1994, Rajoub was allowed to return to the West Bank following the signing of the Oslo Accords. He served as head of the Preventive Security Force until 2002, and Yasser Arafat appointed him as his national security advisor in 2003. During his tenure, he was accused of using the force to quash political dissent and harass political opponents of Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian National Authority, including the use of torture. During the Oslo years, he criticized the growing influence of religious fundamentalism in Palestinian society schools, launched a major crackdown on Hamas and the Islamic Jihad Movement.In an interview which aired on Palestinian Authority TV on September 23, 2011, (as a response to a recent speech by US President Barack Obama speech at the UN regarding Palestinian independence)(as translated by MEMRI), Rajoub sharply criticized Obama, stating that \"Obama's speech was idiotic. It did not even reflect the US policy or the doctrine they employed in the past. It sounded like a speech of a student leader in a university, rather than the speech of a leader of a superpower.\"In June 2012, as head of the Palestine Olympic Committee, Rajoub called a request for a minute of silence to remember the 11 Israeli athletes murdered at the Munich Olympics by Palestinian Arab terrorists in 1972 \"racist\".Rajoub told Hezbollah-affiliated television network Al Mayadeen “until now we have not had nuclear weapons,\" he declared, \"but in the name of Allah, if we had nuclear weapons, we’d be using them.\""@en .corpus279.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_R._Thompson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Karl R. Thompson is an American constitutional lawyer who was appointed to a position within the United States Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel by the Presidency of Barack Obama.In 2002/2003 he served as a Supreme Court law clerk for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.He is the co-editor of It Is a Constitution We are Expounding.He was previously with the firm O’Melveny & Myers.In late 2009 the New York Post and the Washington Timesstarted to criticize the Obama Presidency for its employment of lawyers who had help provide legal assistance to Guantanamo captives.At first the New York Post and the Washington Times only named two of the nine lawyers they were reporting had \"aided terrorists\".  But March 2010 the other seven had been named, including Thompson.Thompson was one of nine lawyers whose appointment these commentators criticized.On March 9, 2010, Thompson's boss at O'Melveny & Myers, Walter Dellinger, described asking Thompson to aid Lieutenant Commander William Kuebler in preparing his defense for Canadian Guantanamo captive Omar Khadr.According to Dellinger Thompson's assistance on the Khadr case lasted several months, and was conducted in parallel with Thompson's prior duties with the firm.Lawyers and commentators from across the political spectrum came forward to defend Thompson and the other appointees who had been singled out for criticism.On May 24, 2010, Steven Edwards, writing for the Vancouver Sun, reported that the Canwest News Service had recently learned that there was internal controversy within the Obama administration over new rules for conducting Guantanamo military commissions.A new 281 page manual was prepared, to update the commissions to comply with changes following the passage of the Military Commissions Act of 2009. Edwards wrote that the change would have triggered dropping charges against a third of the Guantanamo captives the Prosecution planned to charge with murder.Edwards noted that persons from OLC sought an edit to get new rules. Edwards also noted that OLC employed two lawyers including Thompson, who had been dubbed members of the \"Al Qaeda 7\" because they had worked on behalf of terrorism suspects prior to joining the government.  The article does not state, however, that Thompson played any role in this matter or any role in seeking these edits."@en .corpus279.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delmar_Gardens> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Delmar Gardens of Oklahoma City was an amusement park in Oklahoma City that operated from 1902 to 1910.After the emergence of New York's Coney Island, the fad of waterside amusement parks graced with wooden boardwalks spread across the country. Although Oklahoma City was only founded in 1889, civic leaders were eager to provide similar facilities in Oklahoma Territory.John Sinopoulo and Joseph Marre, who trained at the original Delmar Gardens in St. Louis, built the park on the east bank of the North Canadian River on property owned by civic leader and developer Charles Colcord's Colcord Park Corporation. The park was located on about 40 acres (160,000 m2) between Reno, Western and the river. Today's Wheeler Park constituted the southeast boundary of the complex. The park boasted of a 3,000 seat theater, dance pavilion, a horse racing track, baseball field, swimming pool, exotic animal zoo, railway, a boardwalk beer garden, amusement rides, a penny arcade, a floating wedding chapel, and a hotel and restaurant. The Gardens and Park were served by the city's extensive trolley service, which brought visitors from suburbs miles away in a matter of minutes.Sinopoulo was a Greek immigrant who wanted to build a stylish amusement complex that held a uniting theme throughout a park setting. He used an elaborate Art Nouveau styling that blended blissfully with the surrounding woods and river. The interior of the Delmar Garden Theater was designed in intricate Victorian gingerbread, with Art Nouveau accents. Orchestra seating held leather upholstered opera chairs, box seats contained comfortable wicker chairs and love-seats, and three horseshoe shaped balconies were equipped with steep pitch bleachers. While the auditorium had soft gas lighting, the heavily draped stage was brilliantly illuminated by electric switchboard lighting. Built to be a vaudeville house, Delmar Garden Theater also installed film equipment in 1903 to feature The Great Train Robbery, which ran for eleven weeks. Regardless of the fact that film showings at the Delmar proved to be successful, management preferred to continue mainly as a two-a-day vaudeville venue, with only an occasional movie thrown in at the end of a weak vaudeville program. (One advantage for vaudevillians appearing on the family oriented Delmar stage was that they could also present \"adult material\" in late night sketches at the Delmar Saloon).During its short lifespan Delmar Gardens served as Oklahoma City's premiere playground, drawing thousands of visitors and attracting entertainers like Lon Chaney Sr. and Buster Keaton, boxers John L. Sullivan and Jack Dempsey, and the legendary race horse Dan Patch. Lon Chaney, Sr. was appearing at Delmar Theater in 1905 when he rescued a beautiful 16 year-old songbird from a flooded basement dressing room. Her name was Cleva Crieghton, and after a whirlwind courtship the couple married in Oklahoma City. Whether or not they took advantage of the romantic Delmar Garden floating chapel is lost to time. In 1904 Tom Mix performed at Delmar Gardens with the Oklahoma Cavalry Band, where he met and became engaged to Kitty Jewel Perrine, daughter of the Perrine Hotel owner where Tom was renting a room.Delmar Gardens was adjacent to Wheeler Park and the city's first zoo. On May 13, 1902, James B. Wheeler deeded land to the City of Oklahoma City, roughly from the Frisco railroad tracks (today's I-40 realignment) to the Canadian River, \"to be perpetually used by party of second part as a public park for the free use and benefit of the citizens of Oklahoma City.\" As part of the conveyance, the park's name would never be changed.The entire complex, however, fronted a prairie river, and not the Atlantic Ocean. Swarms of mosquitoes that accompanied the river's annual flooding contributed to Delmar Gardens' demise, and the advent of prohibition was the death blow. It closed in 1910, and the buildings were razed the following year. The zoo, which opened in 1904, moved to Northeast 50th and Eastern Avenue after most of the animals were killed in a major flood in 1923, and became the foundation of today's Oklahoma City Zoo and Botanical Gardens.With the exception of Wheeler Park, little evidence of Delmar Gardens and its environs remains today. On June 16, 1928, John J. Harden opened his mission revival style Market Theatre (also 3000 seats) on the far northwest corner of the Delmar site. The 40,000-square-foot (3,700 m2) structure, built at a cost of $500,000, featured farmers' fresh produce on the first floor, with concerts, dances, boxing matches and roller skating on the second floor. Hank Williams Jr., Bob Wills and Count Basie have performed there. Now operated as the Oklahoma City Farmers Public Market, the facility's boxoffice lobby, balcony, and stage remain intact. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.Then Senator Barack Obama made a Presidential campaign stop at the Farmer's Market on March 19, 2007."@en .corpus279.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_judicial_appointment_controversies> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "As of January 7, 2015, President Barack Obama has nominated over three hundred individuals for federal judgeships.  Of these nominations, Congress confirmed three hundred and seven judgeships, 173 during 111th & 112th Congresses  and 134 during the 113th Congress. Of the outstanding 44 Court Vacancies, 12 Nominees were pending Congressional review and 32 were awaiting  Presidential nomination.As of January 7, 2015 numerous of the filibusters have been brought to a cloture vote.  Three cloture votes were successful in breaking the filibusters, while the cloture votes on the nominations of Goodwin Liu, Caitlin Halligan and Robert E. Bacharach failed.  Many nominations expired with the adjournment of the 111th Congress, but all were renominated in the 112th Congress with the exception of Robert Chatigny.  Senator Grassley commented more nominees could have been confirmed had President Obama respected recess appointment precedent by not making recess appointments while the Senate is in session. Although President Obama has never used a recess appointment to appoint a nominee to the federal bench, he had appointed some executive agency officials in January 2012.As a response to the continuing blocking of several of President Obama's nominees, Sen. Harry Reid on November 21, 2013 invoked the so-called Nuclear option and changed the Senate rules, meaning a simple majority vote will suffice for all nominees except for the Supreme Court."@en .corpus279.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Barr_(Treasury_official)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael S. Barr is a professor of law at the University of Michigan Law School.  Previously he served as Assistant Secretary for Financial Institutions of the U.S. Treasury Department, where he helped to develop and pass the Dodd-Frank Act.Barr received degrees from Yale College, where he graduated summa cum laude with honors in history in 1987, Magdalen College, Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes Scholar and earned an M.Phil. in international affairs in 1989, and Yale Law School, from which he graduated in 1992.  He later served as a clerk for United States Supreme Court Justice David Souter and worked for the Policy Planning Staff of the State Department before first working for the U.S. Treasury Department and advising the White House during the Clinton administration. He returned to Treasury during the first two years of the Barack Obama administration, after which he returned to his teaching post at Michigan."@en .corpus279.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_W._Stafford> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Earl W. Stafford, Sr. (born 1948 in Mount Holly Township, New Jersey) is an American entrepreneur and philanthropist.  Stafford is best known for \"The People’s Inaugural Project,\" which brought more than 300 disadvantaged and underserved individuals to Washington D.C. for a three-day, deluxe celebration of President Barack Obama’s inauguration. Stafford is the founder of The Stafford Foundation and was inducted into the Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans in 2010. He is the chief executive officer of The Wentworth Group, LLC,  a consulting firm headquartered in Reston, Virginia."@en .corpus279.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Care_and_Education_Reconciliation_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Pub.L. 111–152, 124 Stat. 1029) is a law that was enacted by the 111th United States Congress, by means of the reconciliation process, in order to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Pub.L. 111–148) and signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 30, 2010 at Northern Virginia Community College.The law includes the Student Aid and Fiscal Responsibility Act, which was attached as a rider. Small technical parts of the bill relating to Pell Grants were removed during the reconciliation process.The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 was passed by the House of Representatives on March 21, 2010, by a vote of 220–211, and on March 25 passed the Senate by a vote of 56-43, after having two minor provisions stricken under the Byrd Rule. A few hours later, the amended bill was passed by the House 220-207."@en .corpus28.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Wilson_(U.S._politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Addison Graves \"Joe\" Wilson, Sr. (born July 31, 1947) is the U.S. Representative for South Carolina's 2nd congressional district, serving since 2001.  The district stretches from the state capital, Columbia, to the Georgia-South Carolina border.  He is a member of the Republican Party. He previously served in the South Carolina Senate from 1985 to 2001.He is a member of the House Republican Policy Committee and is an Assistant Republican Whip.In September 2009, Wilson received international attention when he interrupted a speech by U.S. President Barack Obama to the joint session of Congress by shouting \"You lie!\" The incident resulted in a formal rebuke by the House of Representatives largely along party lines.Wilson was re-elected in 2010 by a comfortable 9 percentage points over his nearest challenger and when he ran unopposed in the  2012 general election he was re-elected with 96% of the vote."@en .corpus28.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Laz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lazaro Mendez, better known by his stage name DJ Laz (born in December 2, 1971, in Hollywood, Florida, USA) is a Cuban-American rapper and DJ from Miami, Florida. He hosted the weekday morning \"DJ Laz Morning Show\" in Miami on WPOW 96.5 FM, branded \"Power 96,\" for 22 years until he left the company in April 2012. Beginning July 4, 2012, the new DJ Laz Morning Show began after arbitration on the newly reformatted WRMA DJ106.7 a Bilingual Dance/Rhythmic formatted station.He is best known for his albums DJ Laz and Category 6, which charted on U.S. Billboard album charts. He is also notable for the singles \"Journey Into Bass\" (1994) and \"Move Shake Drop\" (2008), which peaked at #56 on the Billboard Hot 100.The DJ Laz Morning Show on LA 96.3 of Los Angeles and DJ 106.7 of Miami is known for mysteriously getting their hands on exclusive content. DJ Laz is also known for his show's prominent appearance on Fox's television show, Dish Nation.In July 2012, when Justin Bieber made a 911 call to authorities to report paparazzi that were following him, the DJ Laz Morning Show was the first to obtain Bieber's 911 call, airing it on Los Angeles' LA 96.3.On Tuesday, September 11, 2012, the DJ Laz Morning Show aired a pre-recorded interview with President Barack Obama. Many Obama critics quickly bashed Obama for making no mention to the September 11 attacks in 2001, despite the fact that the interview was pre-recorded. The White House later made it clear that the call was indeed pre-recorded and was supposed to have been played on Monday, September 10.On May 5 2014, DJ Laz was in command of a boat that was stuck on a sand bar in Biscayne Bay. When bystanders got out to push the boat, DJ Laz increased power to the engine, and a 23 year old man who had been trying to help was killed by the boat prop."@en .corpus28.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._McHugh> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Michael McHugh (born September 29, 1948) is the 21st United States Secretary of the Army and a former Republican politician from the state of New York, who represented the state's 23rd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives.On June 2, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated him to the position of United States Secretary of the Army. The United States Senate confirmed McHugh in a voice vote on September 16, 2009. He was sworn in as the 21st Secretary of the Army at a Pentagon ceremony on September 21, 2009."@en .corpus280.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azalea_Trail_Maids> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Azalea Trail Maids are a group of fifty high school seniors chosen yearly to serve as \"Official Ambassadors\" for the city of Mobile, Alabama.  The Maids, wearing extravagant antebellum-style dresses and using mannerisms of the era, make appearances at many local, state, and national events.  They often serve as greeters when foreigners and dignitaries visit the city, and are required to be knowledgeable about the city landmarks and history.  The Maids are meant to embody the ideals of \"Southern hospitality\", and appeared at the inauguration of United States President Barack Obama."@en .corpus280.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13535> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13535 is an executive order announced by President Barack Obama on March 21, 2010, and signed on March 24. It reinforces a commitment to preservation of the Hyde Amendment's policy restricting federal funds for abortion within the context of recent health care legislation. The order was signed after an agreement with pro-life Democratic Congressman Bart Stupak, who had said he and several other pro-life Democrats in the House of Representatives would not support the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act unless the Bill's language prohibiting federal funding of abortions was strengthened.The executive order was condemned as ineffective by major pro-life organizations, including the Susan B. Anthony List, the National Right to Life Committee, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, Family Research Council, the American Family Association, Focus on the Family, and Americans United for Life, among others. The organizations said executive orders do not carry the full force of law and can be rescinded at any time by any administration. They also said the fact that an executive order was needed proves that the health care law did fund abortion. The National Right to Life Committee said the executive order did not correct seven provisions in the law they identified as objectionable.Pro-choice groups also condemned the executive order, questioning Obama's commitment to the pro-choice position. The National Organization for Women, Planned Parenthood, NARAL Pro-Choice America, and EMILY's List were among pro-choice groups opposing the executive order."@en .corpus280.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_for_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The March for America was a protest march in Washington, DC, United States. On March 21, 2010, over 200,000 marched by the Capitol in Washington, DC, to call for comprehensive immigration reform in that year. The event was organized by Reform Immigration FOR America and many more groups.Participants largely wore white and waved the United States flag.President Barack Obama delivered a video message to the assembled crowd, pledging to be their partner in seeking comprehensive immigration reform and fix the country's broken immigration system."@en .corpus280.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Miller_(journalist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lisa Miller (born 1963) is an American writer and journalist. She is currently a contributing editor for New York. Formerly a senior editor of Newsweek and a religion columnist for the Washington Post, Ms. Miller is a Wilbur Prize-winning author and a commentator on religion, history, and religious faith.She has written Newsweek cover stories on Barack Obama, Mitt Romney and Sarah Palin, as well as several New York cover stories on social trends."@en .corpus280.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ross_(Mossad_officer)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael Ross (born 12 July 1961) is a Canadian expert on intelligence gathering and a former Mossad officer, or \"combatant\" with a focus upon human source intelligence collection (Humint). Ross speaks upon intelligence issues and publishes articles, and he is the author of the book The Volunteer: The Incredible True Story of an Israeli Spy on the Trail of International Terrorists. Ross advocates vigilance and the continual improvement of intelligence collection systems in order to protect free societies. In August 2007, Ross authored an article in the Canadian daily, National Post entitled, \"Obama got it right\" wherein he wrote that Osama bin Laden was hiding in Pakistan having been provided sanctuary by Pakistan's Directorate for Inter-Service Intelligence (ISI). Ross urged then presidential nominee, Barack Obama, to engage in unilateral intelligence and military action in Pakistan to hunt and kill al-Qaeda leaders including Osama bin Laden."@en .corpus281.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_and_Climate_Partnership_of_the_Americas> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Energy and Climate Partnership of the Americas (ECPA) was announced by U.S. President Barack Obama at the Summit of the Americas in April 2009. The ECPA is conceived as a flexible mechanism to accelerate sustainable energy in the Americas. ECPA is built upon seven pillars, including renewable energy, energy efficiency, energy poverty, cleaner and more efficient use of fossil fuels, infrastructure, sustainable land use and forestry, and adaptation.A number of collaborative initiatives form the core foundation of the ECPA. These include the following:Envoys Program: aims at enabling the sharing of best practices and expertise in research, development, design and implementation of clean energy programs. Other activities include:Lighting the Americas: Seeks to provide electricity to the 34 million people in Latin America who currently are without access.U.S. Trade and Development Agency’s (USTDA) Clean Energy Exchange Program of the Americas: Brings nearly 50 Latin American and Caribbean energy officials and project sponsors to the United States on a series of reverse trade missions.Low Carbon Communities of the Americas projects:Caribbean Renewable Energy Strategy: Aims to enable countries to implement actions and strategies geared towards increasing the sustainability of their energy supplies while reducing carbon emissions from the energy sector through the development and use of renewable energy and energy efficiency systems.Dominica Wind Project: Seeks to prove the viability of small, distributed wind generation as an alternative to traditional, megawatt-class utility-scale turbines.Costa Rican Energy Efficiency Training Center: The center will train and certify professionals in energy efficient technology and auditing procedures, and also help expand the technical knowledge and capabilities of the Central American region on efficiency services and programsColombia Biomass Initiative: The objective is to develop a technological plan for use of agro-industrial residue biomass to produce energy.Energy Innovation Center: Promotes and advances clean energy projects through mobilization of funding, knowledge dissemination and technical expertise.Chile Renewable Energy Center: The long-term goal for the center is to serve as a tool and resource for the region."@en .corpus281.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Chivers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "'Canon Chris Chivers has been Vicar of John Keble Church, Mill Hill, in the Diocese of London, since 2010.Born on 16 July 1967, he was educated at Bristol Cathedral School where he was a chorister in the cathedral choir and pupil assistant organist, studying the organ with Clifford Harker.He subsequently read for a degree in music at Magdalen College, Oxford (1985–88) where he was an Academical Clerk (Choral Scholar) in the College Choir, the President of the College Music Society and Musical Director of the Oxford Chamber Choir. He studied under Bojan Bujic and John Harper, and singing with Janet Edmunds. He is a published composer whose choral works have been sung by the choirs of King's College, Cambridge, Westminster Abbey, Blackburn, Bristol, Cape Town and Gloucester Cathedrals, as well as by the choirs of Caius and Queens' Colleges in Cambridge and New College, Magdalen, Lincoln and St Peter's Colleges in Oxford. His works include: Our Blessed Lady's Lullaby (1988), Ecce puer (1994), Mayenziwe Magnificat (2000) and Diptych (2006). Oxford University Press and Encore Publications are the publishers of his musical works.Following graduation he successively spent short spells as Director of Music at New College School, Oxford and Assistant Director of Music at The Cheltenham Ladies' College before being appointed as Lay Chaplain, Housemaster and Choristers' Tutor at King's College School, Cambridge (1989–1994), where he had pastoral responsibility for the choristers of the world-famous King's College Choir.In 1994 he went to Westcott House, Cambridge to prepare for ordination (1994–1997)whilst reading for a Theology and Religious Studies degree at Selwyn College, Cambridge (1994–1996) where he studied under Andrew Chester, John Sweet, Nicholas de Lange, Nicholas Sagovsky, Martin Forward and Ivor Jones, winning a college prize for New Testament Greek in 1995 and the University Theological Studies Prize in 1996. At Westcott he was Chapel Musician and a member of the College Council. He also spent much of his third year (1996–97) in South Africa devising a workshop (Children's Ubuntu Project) to support the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and working with street children and those living with HIV and AIDS. This led to his first book, Echoes of a Rainbow Song (1996 and, second edition, 1999).He was ordained in 1997 in St Paul's Cathedral by the Bishop of London, and served his curacy in the Parish of Friern Barnet. During his time there he was named one of the top ten preachers of the year in The Times 1999 Preacher of the Year competition.In North London he met and married his wife Mary Chivers and they had their first son Dominic (born 1999) before moving to Cape Town where Canon Chivers took up an appointment as Canon Precentor of St. George's Cathedral, Cape Town. This appointment saw him oversee the cathedral's liturgy, music and outreach programmes. In 2000–2001 he coordinated the cathedral's centenary year and was director of the project to add 'Liberation panels' to the cathedral's Great West Window as one of the first public memorials in South Africa to the anti-apartheid struggle. He was also chair of the Cape Town Holocaust Centre's interfaith support group and became one of the first priests in the world to give an address at Friday Prayers in a Mosque – the Claremont Main Road Masjid – following 9/11. He contributed frequently as a freelance journalist to Cape Times, Cape Argus and Sunday Independent, and a collection of his articles and sermons, The Hard Road to Glory (Pretext Publishing) appeared in 2001. His and Mary's second son, Gregory was born in Cape Town in 2000.In November 2001 he was appointed Precentor of Westminster Abbey in London, with responsibility for the worship of one of the world's busiest religious institutions. At the same time he became Chaplain of Westminster Abbey Choir School. Within months he had overseen the Funeral of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on the same day that he led a service for victims of the Rwandan Genocide. A book of sermons, The Open Window (Pretext Publishing), appeared in 2004. In 2000 he became a founding Trustee of the Kay Mason Foundation and in 2004 a Trustee of the South African Church Development Trust.Late in 2004 the Crown announced his appointment as Canon Chancellor of Blackburn Cathedral. He was installed in March 2005 with a specific brief to develop inter-faith relations as the cathedral's canon theologian and almost immediately became the founding director of exChange, the cathedral's community cohesion, education, outreach and interfaith development agency. During his time at the cathedral he has appointed the first Muslim, Anjum Anwar MBE, to the staff of a cathedral anywhere in the world, to act as dialogue development officer, and the two of them have formed a Christian-Muslim dialogue partnership that is a first of its kind. This work has been the subject of numerous articles, profiles and newspaper letters. It has also been featured in their own contributions to leading public discussions. He and Anjum Anwar presented a paper at the international conference, Beyond Reconciliation, held at the University of Cape Town in December 2009 to mark the UN Year of Reconciliation.While at Blackburn Cathedral, Canon Chivers was one of the very first teachers of the Awareness Course. As of 2012, he is still supporting the Awareness Foundation as a member of their Executive Group.Canon Chivers has continued to write as a free-lance journalist for Cape Times, Cape Argus, Sunday Independent (SA), The Times, The Guardian, The Independent, Church Times, Church of England Newspaper and The Tablet, among other periodicals and journals. Since 2005 he has published a Lent Book, Dear Dom and Greg... (Pretext Publishing, 2006) and two collections of haiku: Jerusalem haiku (2007) and South African haiku (2008), also for Pretext Publishing. He has edited the Collected Poems of Harry Wiggett 1970–2006 (Pretext Publishing 2007) and also contributed to the CAFOD/Christian Aid Lent book (published by Darton, Longman and Todd) in 2005 and 2009, to several collections edited by Geoffrey Duncan (Canterbury Press and Methodist Publishing) and to Just one year, edited by Timothy Radcliffe with Jean Harrison (Darton, Longman and Todd). He wrote a guidebook to Blackburn Cathedral for Scala Publications which was published in 2010, the year in which Fully Alive (Pretext Publishing) appeared. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams commended the book, saying: \"These are wonderfully crafted reflections, clear, light-touch, sometimes poignant, full of insight and unexpected revelations. Chris Chivers brings together all sorts of experiences, as priest and parent, thinker and commentator, experiences from the United Kingdom and South Africa and elsewhere, in a collection that has great inner coherence, and makes Christian discipleship deeply attractive  as well as reminding at least one reader of the challenges of discipleship that have still to be met.\"Appointed a Trustee of USPG: Anglicans in World Mission in 2005 he became the Vice Chair of Trustees in 2011 and in 2012 was elected Chair of the Trustees of what is now known as Us. Since 2006 he has been a Presenter of Daily Service for BBC Radio 4 and broadcasts frequently on local and national radio. In 2006 he scripted and broadcast the BBC Radio 4 Christmas Meditation with Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu and in 2009 he broadcast live from the Inauguration of President Barack Obama in Washington DC. In 2013 a collection of his BBC Radio 4 broadcasts, Telling it slant, was published by Pretext Publishing.In 2008 he was the named the North West's Man of the Year in the Fusion awards for his work to foster community relationships, the same year he received an award at the British Muslims' Awards Dinner in the House of Lords and acted as a worship coordinator for the Lambeth Conferences.In 2012 he was appointed a Priest Vicar at Westminster Abbey and named a Montgomery Trust lecturer. He offers lectures on the following topics:1. Christianity in a world of faith:How do we make sense of our diversity and distinctiveness? What does this look like at the grass roots of our communities and how may we play a part in the dialogue? A variety of talks possible here using interfaith experience from across the world.2. Doing faith like Jazz: an exploration of 'institutionalised' and 'improvised' faith3. Inspiring hope: a selection of talks on contemporary figures whose stories challenge and inspire.4. Music as Revelation and Salvation: How God addresses us through music and how the journey to wholeness is thereby modelled for us (with musical examples to listen to and explore)5. Peace building in a world of conflict with examples from South Africa, the Middle East, Bosnia and The UK.6. Shaping memory: the Shoah or holocaust as a universal warning:A talk or lecture with musical and narrative examples.7. Truth and reconciliation in South Africa: an illustrated exploration of the truth and reconciliation process following the end of apartheid, and including reflections on a narrative workshop authored to support the commission's work by the lecturer.He acts as a faith advisor to the Charity Commission, a community advisor to the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust and also advises figures in local and national government and the Police.In 2009 he became a Companion of the Melanesian Brotherhood, the largest Anglican monastic order in the world.His and Mary's third son, Jonathan was born in 2007."@en .corpus281.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13526> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13526 was issued on December 29, 2009 by United States President Barack Obama. It is the latest in a series of executive orders from US Presidents outlining how classified information should be handled. It revokes and replaces the previous Executive Orders in effect for this, which were EO 12958 (text) and EO 13292 (text)."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Commission_on_Fiscal_Responsibility_and_Reform> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform (often called Bowles-Simpson/Simpson-Bowles from the names of co-chairs Alan Simpson and Erskine Bowles; or NCFRR) is a Presidential Commission created in 2010 by President Barack Obama to identify \"policies to improve the fiscal situation in the medium term and to achieve fiscal sustainability over the long run\".[1] The commission first met on April 27, 2010.[2] A report was released on December 1, 2010,[3] and although the Commission was supported by over 60% of the members (11 out of 18),  and an equal number of Democrats and Republicans, the report did not reach the 14-vote threshold required to formally endorse the blueprint and have it sent to Congress for approval.[4]  Proponents of the plan praised it for hitting all parts of the federal budget and for putting the national debt on a stable and then downward path. Prominent supporters include JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (although at first she opposed the proposal) and Republican Senator Tom Coburn, Democratic Representative Chris Van Hollen has called for a deal based on the Simpson-Bowles framework.  Critics say that it would cut entitlement and safety net programs, including Social Security and Medicare. Prominent opponents include Paul Krugman, Republican Vice-Presidential nominee Paul Ryan, President of the Americans for Tax Reform Grover Norquist and Democratic Representative Jan Schakowsky"@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_policy_of_the_Obama_administration> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The energy policy of the Obama administration, stated on the website of  U.S. President Barack Obama, lists the guiding principles of the administration  regarding energy and the environment. They include creating new \"clean energy\" jobs and technologies, making America more energy independent, and reducing carbon emissions.On April 13, 2010, in honor of the 40th anniversary of Earth Day, the White House website summarized the initiatives that the administration is taking or has undertaken:•\tA $3.4 billion Smart Grid Investment Grant (part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009), which would affect 49 states and has the potential to reduce electricity use by more than 4% by 2030,•\tThe launch of the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E) project under the Department of Energy and in collaboration with the Department of Defense, modeled after the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, •\tA new report on how the federal government can help create a \"self-sustaining home energy efficiency retrofit industry\" •\tNew efficiency standards for home appliances, •\tA new National Fuel Efficiency Policy that will apply to cars from model years 2012-2016 and will ultimately require cars to have an average fuel efficiency of 35.5 mpg by 2016, •\tThree measures to increase the production of biofuels: a renewable fuels standard, biomass crop assistance program, and a biofuels working group. The President has also created an interagency task force to help create a federal strategy for carbon capture and storage, and •\tA new Environmental Protection Agency ruling (called the Mandatory Reporting of Greenhouse Gases Rule) requiring the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions by major emitters in the United States."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Issues_Be_the_Issue> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Let the Issues Be the Issue\" was an American viral political advertising campaign by the New York division of the Grey Group that focused around the 2008 U.S. Presidential election. Tor Myhren, a Creative Director within the group, devised the campaign. In the ads, then Democratic candidate Barack Obama and then Republican candidate John Sidney McCain had their races swapped, with McCain as an African-American and Obama as a Scots-Irish American. According to the Daily Mail, the message was to urge all groups within the electorate \"not to vote according to the candidates' skin colours, but to focus on the policies of the two parties.\"Images of a \"White Obama\" from the campaign have now become an internet meme and is also used as form of political satire online. Uses by Break.com and neatorama.com are examples, as well as the related Facebook page."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_presidential_campaign,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On April 4, 2011, the President of the United States, Barack Obama, formally announced his re-election campaign for 2012. His running mate was Vice President Joe Biden and they were opposed by candidates from the Republican Party and candidates from other parties.  The election took place on Tuesday, November 6, 2012.Obama's campaign headquarters were in Chicago and key members of Obama's successful 2008 campaign, such as Jim Messina and David Axelrod, returned to staff it. On the day of the announcement, the campaign released a promotional video showing supporters of Obama organizing for the re-election effort. As The Guardian newspaper noted, this was the first U.S. presidential re-election campaign to use Twitter and Facebook for promotion.Between the beginning of 2011 and June 30, 2012, the Obama campaign and supporters spent approximately $400 million, according to the Federal Election Commission. Obama won his re-election bid by a margin of 51.06%-47.21%. This was the first time since 1944, when President Franklin D. Roosevelt won re-election, that a Democratic president had twice won by a majority of the popular votes and over 51% of the popular vote twice."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Bennett> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Maurice Bennett is an artist in New Zealand who uses toast as an artistic medium in mosaic. The billboard-size images are made up in pixel form, using a slice of toast for each pixel. The toast is soaked in polyurethane to preserve the artwork. His portraits include Mona Lisa, Elvis Presley, US President Barack Obama, Mayor of Wellington Mark Blumsky, and rugby player Jonah Lomu. His work has been featured on Ripley's Believe It or Not."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassination_campaign> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "An assassination campaign is a series of assassinations carried out to achieve a larger political goal.In the 19th century, Will of the People carried out a campaign of assassinations against high-ranking Russian leaders.In India, militants launched an assassination campaign against AD (L) and AD (B) members. In northern Ireland, an assassination campaign was directed against representatives of the British Army, the RUC, the Ulster Defence Regiment, and their respective reserves. John Ross' novel Unintended Consequences contains a depiction of an assassination campaign against the United States government. Operation Wrath of God was an assassination campaign. According to The Washington Post, among Syria's \"most notable activities of the past few years have been the serial assassination of senior Lebanese politicians, including former prime minister Rafik Hariri\". According to the New York Times, in 2007, Sunni Arab extremists began a systematic campaign to assassinate police chiefs, police officers, other Interior Ministry officials and tribal leaders throughout Iraq, staging at least 10 attacks in 48 hours.Assassination campaigns also occurred in the North Caucasus. Assassination campaigns have taken place as well in Iran. Operation Condor was another assassination campaign.  The Taliban has also been waging an assassination campaign against members of the Afghan central government.In 2001, U.S. President George W. Bush signed an intelligence finding that could have opened the door to an American targeted killing campaign. In The Impact of 9/11 and the New Legal Landscape: The Day That Changed Everything?, the point is made that \"There is a major difference between assassination and targeted killing.... targeted killing [is] not synonymous with assassination.  Assassination ... constitutes an illegal killing.\"  Similarly, Amos Guiora, Professor of law at the University of Utah, writes:  \"Targeted killing is ... not an assassination\", Steve David, Johns Hopkins Associate Dean & Professor of International Relations, writes:  \"there are strong reasons to believe that the Israeli policy of targeted killing is not the same as assassination\", Syracuse Law Professor William Banks and GW Law Professor Peter Raven-Hansen write:  \"Targeted killing of terrorists is ... not unlawful and would not constitute assassination\", Rory Miller writes:  \"Targeted killing ... is not 'assassination'\", and Associate Professor Eric Patterson and Teresa Casale write: \"Perhaps most important is the legal distinction between targeted killing and assassination\".  Former CIA operative Sam Wyman believed that method should only be used as a last resort.  Barack Obama has ordered unmanned aerial vehicles to carry out targeted killing attacks on Taliban and al Qaeda leaders, which the U.S. distinguishes from assassinations."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_C._DuMont> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edward Carroll DuMont (born December 1961) is an American lawyer currently serving as the Solicitor General of California. In 2010 and 2011 had been nominated by President Barack Obama to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.  In November 2011, however, DuMont sent a letter to President Obama asking him to withdraw his nomination to the judgeship.  Obama withdrew DuMont's nomination on November 10, 2011, nominating Richard G. Taranto in DuMont's place.DuMont currently is California's solicitor general."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_policy_of_the_Barack_Obama_administration> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The space policy of the Barack Obama administration was announced by U.S. President Barack Obama on April 15, 2010, at a major space policy speech at Kennedy Space Center. He committed to increasing NASA funding by $6 billion over five years and completing the design of a new heavy-lift launch vehicle by 2015 and to begin construction thereafter. He also predicted a U.S.-crewed orbital Mars mission by the mid-2030s, preceded by an asteroid mission by 2025. In response to concerns over job losses, Obama promised a $40 million effort to help Space Coast workers affected by the cancellation of the Space Shuttle program and Constellation program.The Obama administration's space policy was made subsequent to the final report of the Review of United States Human Space Flight Plans Committee, which it had instituted to review the human spaceflight plans of the United States in the post-Space Shuttle era.  The NASA Authorization Act of 2010, passed on October 11, 2010, enacted many of the Obama administration's space policy goals."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effects_of_the_April_2010_Eyjafjallajökull_eruption> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The eruption of the Eyjafjallajökull volcano on 14 April 2010 affected the economic, political and cultural activities in Europe and across the world.There was extensive air travel disruption caused by the closure of airspace over many countries affecting the travel arrangements of hundreds of thousands of people in Europe and elsewhere. Sporting, entertainment and many other events were cancelled, delayed or disrupted when individuals or teams were unable to travel to their destination.The state funeral of President of Poland Lech Kaczyński and his wife on 18 April 2010 was affected as some national leaders were unable to attend, including Barack Obama, Stephen Harper, Angela Merkel, and Nicolas Sarkozy."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_reform> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wall Street Reform or Financial Reform, commonly called the Dodd-Frank Bill, was signed by President of the United States Barack Obama on July 22, 2010. Since the economic crisis of 2008-present (including jobs lost, businesses failed, house prices dropped, and personal savings affected), there was an ongoing debate taking place whether there was sufficient oversight and regulation of the US financial system, non-regulated OTC derivative market, and non-existence of consumer protection authority which was viewed by some as the major cause of the financial crisis. The law was passed with the intent to make US financial system more transparent and accountable, avoid another economic crisis, and to ensure that there is a system in place that will work towards protecting investors’ money.  Some of the major topics it includes are: creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Financial Stability Oversight Council, limiting large complex financial instruments and making derivative market more transparent, many new requirements and oversight of Credit Rating Agencies, giving shareholders a say on CEO's bonuses (and many others) - with the main purpose of strengthening the economy, and protecting consumers."@en .corpus282.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hari_Sevugan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hari Sevugan (born 1974) is the former national press secretary for the Democratic National Committee. He served as the senior spokesman for the Barack Obama presidential campaign.  According to one report \"Sevugan's sound bytes were often pithy, biting and memorable.\"  Another report is more direct, noting during the 2008 campaign Sevugan always gave out \"the press office's harshest lines.\" In June, 2011, Sevugan left his position with the DNC to become the Vice President of Communications for StudentsFirst, an education reform organization founded by Michelle A. Rhee, former chancellor of the Washington, D.C. public schools.  He resigned his position in 2012 amidst reports of political differences.Sevugan grew up in the suburbs of Chicago after moving to the United States with his family from India in 1977.  He majored in political science from University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, and received a JD from Northwestern University.  In 2003, he quit his legal practice to serve in the political campaign for Dan Hynes against Barack Obama in the Democratic primary for an open Senate seat from Illinois.Prior to his career in politics, Sevugan was a middle school teacher at I.S. 143 in the Washington Heights neighborhood of New York City, where he once dyed his hair blond in front of the entire school after losing a bet with his students."@en .corpus283.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Mae_Johnson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ella Mae Cheeks Johnson (January 13, 1904 – March 22, 2010) was an American social worker, activist and author. She received national recognition in 2009 when, at 105 years old, she travelled to Washington D.C. to attend the inauguration of U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus283.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazem_Seddiqi> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hojjatoleslam Kazem Seddiqi (کاظم صدیقی in Persian, born 4 March 1951) is an Iranian scholar and Mujtahed. A rival of President Ahmadinejad, Seddiqi was appointed as interim Friday prayers leader for Tehran by Ayatollah Khamenei in August 2009. The New York Times characterized the appointment as part of an effort to \"reinforce [Khamenei's] authority by cultivating divisions between factions\" following the controversial June presidential election.Among the targets of criticism in Seddiqi's khutbahs have been \"certain regional countries for `supporting` the leader of the Jundallah terrorist group, Abdolmalek Rigi\", the United States President Barack Obama for showing his “ugly face” by preparing a new slate of sanctions against Iran, and women who wear immodest clothing and behave promiscuously, which Seddiqi claims causes earthquakes to occur. In response to the latter statement, hundreds of thousands of women around the world, organized through social-networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter, declared April 26, 2010, to be \"Boobquake day\", in which they all agreed to wear immodest clothing on the same day."@en .corpus283.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Lamb-Hale> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nicole Yvette Lamb-Hale is the current Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Manufacturing and Services. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 11, 2010. Prior to being confirmed as Assistant Secretary, she served as Deputy General Counsel of the United States Commerce Department.Lamb-Hale was born in Detroit, Michigan. She received her B.A. with high honors from the University of Michigan in 1988 and her J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1991.She was a partner at the law firm of Foley & Lardner in Detroit.She is a life member of Delta Sigma Theta sorority; a member of The Links, Incorporated; and a member of Jack & Jill of America. In addition, Lamb-Hale served as a member of President Barack Obama’s National Finance Committee and was a Co-Chair and Deputy General Counsel of the Michigan Campaign for Change."@en .corpus283.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Attorney_for_the_Northern_District_of_New_York> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York is the chief federal law enforcement officer in 32 counties in the northern part of the State of New York. The current U.S. Attorney is Richard S. Hartunian who was nominated on December 23, 2009, by President Barack Obama, confirmed by the U.S. Senate on February 11, 2010, and sworn into office by District Court judge Glenn T. Suddaby on February 19, 2010.The United States District Court for the Northern District of New York has jurisdiction over all cases prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney. Its jurisdiction comprises the counties of Albany, Broome, Cayuga, Chenango, Clinton, Columbia, Cortland, Delaware, Essex, Franklin, Fulton, Greene, Hamilton, Herkimer, Jefferson, Lewis, Madison, Montgomery, Oneida, Onondaga, Oswego, Otsego, Rensselaer, Saratoga, Schenectady, Schoharie, St. Lawrence, Tioga, Tompkins, Ulster, Warren, and Washington. The court has offices in Albany, Binghamton, Plattsburgh, Syracuse and Utica. The court also holds court at facilities in Watertown."@en .corpus284.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama_Zombies> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Obama Zombies: How the Liberal Machine Brainwashed My Generation is a book written by Jason Mattera. Published in 2010 by Simon and Schuster, the book purports to reveal methods that Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign used to organize or mislead young voters."@en .corpus284.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Stein_(U.S._Political_Appointee)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eric Stein is the former Deputy Assistant Secretary for Consumer Protection at the U.S. Department of Treasury. He was nominated in 2009 by President Barack Obama., and resigned in 2010."@en .corpus284.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leocadia_I._Zak> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Leocadia Irine Zak serves as the Director of the U.S. Trade and Development Agency where she leads an agency dedicated to encouraging economic growth in emerging markets and the export of U.S. goods and services to those markets. After being nominated by President Barack Obama in November 2009, Zak was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on March 10, 2010."@en .corpus284.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_African_Methodist_Episcopal_Church> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church (Metropolitan AME Church) is a historic church located at 1518 M Street, N.W., in downtown Washington, D.C.The congregation was founded in 1838 and the current building was constructed in 1886. The funerals of abolitionist Frederick Douglass (1895), the first African American U.S. Senator, Blanche Bruce (1898), and civil-rights activist Rosa Parks (2005) were held in the church. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. In May 2010, the National Trust for Historic Preservation added the building to its list of 11 of America's Most Endangered Places due to water damage and other structural problems requiring $11 million in renovations.U.S. President Barack Obama attended services here on Sunday, January 20, 2013, before his second inauguration."@en .corpus284.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010_Boston_water_emergency> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2010 Boston Water Emergency occurred on May 1, 2010, when a water pipe in Weston, Massachusetts, broke and began flooding into the Charles River. This led to unsanitary water conditions in the greater Boston area, which resulted in Governor Deval Patrick declaring a state of emergency and an order for residents to boil drinking water. The leak was stopped on May 2. On May 4, the order was lifted. President Barack Obama signed an emergency disaster declaration offering federal help, authorizing the Department of Homeland Security and Federal Emergency Management Agency to coordinate disaster relief efforts with Massachusetts.MWRA executive director Frederick Laskey called the break \"catastrophic\" and \"everyone's worst nightmare in the water industry\"."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Attorney_for_the_Eastern_District_of_New_York> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York is the chief federal law enforcement officer in five New York counties: Kings (Brooklyn), Queens, Richmond (Staten Island), Nassau and Suffolk. The current incumbent is Loretta E. Lynch, who was appointed by President Barack Obama on January 20, 2010, confirmed by the U.S. Senate on April 22, and was sworn into office on May 3. In November 2014, Lynch was nominated by President Barack Obama to become Attorney General of the United States.The U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York has jurisdiction over all cases prosecuted and defended by the U.S. Attorney."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Government_Initiative> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Open Government Initiative is an effort by the administration of President of the United States Barack Obama to \"creating an unprecedented level of openness in Government.\". The directive starting this initiative was issued on January 20, 2009, Obama's first day in office.The philosophy of the initiative is that the government should be transparent, participatory and collaborative. Agencies across the federal government are establishing Open Government Web pages and asking the public for ideas and suggestions."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Attorney_for_the_Western_District_of_New_York> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Attorney for the Western District of New York is the chief federal law enforcement officer in seventeen New York counties: Allegany, Cattaraugus, Chautauqua, Chemung, Erie, Genesee, Livingston, Monroe, Niagara, Ontario, Orleans, Schuyler, Seneca, Steuben, Wayne, Wyoming, and Yates. The U.S. District Court for the Western District of New York has jurisdiction over all cases prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney. The current U.S. Attorney is William J. Hochul, Jr., who was appointed by President Barack Obama in 2009, and took office in 2010."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_E._Sommers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jill E. Sommers was sworn in as a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission on August 8, 2007 to a term that expired April 13, 2009. She was nominated on July 20, 2009 by President Barack Obama to serve a five-year second term., and confirmed by the United States Senate on October 8, 2009."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caregivers_and_Veterans_Omnibus_Health_Services_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 was signed into law by President Barack Obama on May 5, 2010.  The law provides several benefits for veterans and their families.The bill was heavily supported by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge:_The_Life_and_Rise_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Bridge: The Life and Rise of Barack Obama is a 2010 biography of Barack Obama, written by journalist David Remnick.  More than 600 pages long, it concentrates particularly on Obama's rise to power and the presidency of the United States.  In its first week of release it placed at number 3 on the New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover nonfiction."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Summit_on_Entrepreneurship> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In his \"A New Beginning\" speech on June 4, 2009, at Cairo University in Cairo, Egypt, President of the United States Barack Obama announced that \"I will host a Summit on Entrepreneurship this year to identify how we can deepen ties between business leaders, foundations and social entrepreneurs in the United States and Muslim communities around the world\". The Presidential Summit on Entrepreneurship, held in Washington, D.C., on Monday April 26, and Tuesday, April 27, 2010, at the Ronald Reagan Building, followed through on President Obama’s commitment by highlighting the importance of social and economic entrepreneurship, and strengthening mutually-beneficial relationships with entrepreneurs in Muslim-majority countries and Muslim communities around the world.  At the second summit in Istanbul, Turkey, Vice President Joe Biden announced that the Presidential Summit would become the marquee event that kicks off Global Entrepreneurship Week each year, with the 2013 host being the United Arab Emirates."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_for_a_New_Beginning> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In his \"A New Beginning\" speech on June 4, 2009, at Cairo University in Cairo, Egypt, President of the United States Barack Obama stated that \"I've come here to Cairo to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world, one based on mutual interest and mutual respect, and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive and need not be in competition.  Instead, they overlap, and share common principles -- principles of justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.\"  During the speech, he also committed to \"host a Summit on Entrepreneurship this year to identify how we can deepen ties between business leaders, foundations and social entrepreneurs in the United States and Muslim communities around the world\".To support the President's \"New Beginning\" goals, United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton launched Partners for a New Beginning along with former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Walter Isaacson (President of The Aspen Institute), and Muhtar Kent (Chairman and CEO of The Coca-Cola Company) on April 27, 2010. Leading the initiative on the State Department side is Kris Balderston, Special Representative for Global Partnerships. In addition to its presence in the United States, PNB has established 11 local chapters across the Middle East and North Africa and, along with its partners, has launched, expanded or pledged support for more than 70 projects since the partnership’s inception in September of 2010."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Corsi> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jerome Robert Corsi (born August 31, 1946) is an American author, political commentator and conspiracy theorist best known for his two New York Times bestselling books:  The Obama Nation and Unfit for Command (with co-author John O'Neill). Both books, the former written in 2008 and the latter in 2004, attacked Democratic presidential candidates and were criticized for including numerous inaccuracies.In other books and columns for conservative websites such as WorldNetDaily and Human Events, Corsi has discussed topics that are considered conspiracy theories, such as the alleged plans for a North American Government, the theory that President Barack Obama is not an American citizen; criticism of the United States government for allegedly covering up information about the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, promoting the Abiogenic hypothesis of the origin of oil (arguing that oil is produced from chemical reactions in the Earth, in contrast to the general consensus of the scientific community that oil is produced from organic materials, such as zooplankton and algae), and alleged United States support of Iran in its attempts to develop nuclear weapons."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Kagan_Supreme_Court_nomination> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On May 10, 2010, President Barack Obama announced his selection of  Elena Kagan for Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, to replace retiring Justice John Paul Stevens. Kagan's nomination was confirmed by a 63-37 vote of the United States Senate on August 5, 2010.When nominated, Kagan was Solicitor General of the United States, to which she had been appointed by Barack Obama. She had previously been a contender for the retiring David Souter's seat in 2009, but was passed over in favor of current Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor."@en .corpus285.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jens_Kabisch> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jens Kabisch (born 1973, Germany) is a contemporary photographer, performance artist,  author, and motivational speaker whose work since 2000 has focused on authenticity, spirituality, purity, politics of funding, and the American identity. In his work, Kabisch assumes the identity of various persona to spread his message.  As American daredevil, \"Evel Knievel\" and in full costume, Kabisch performs works that push the limits of human endurance, both for artist and audience. In doing so, he reveals how the American Identity is constructed and how its image is renewed. In \"I Love America\", the artist wears tight, red, white, and blue, athletic apparel and sunglasses, while performing a twitchy pub-dance to a 2 measure loop of disco percussion that continues for thirty minutes. The artist has performed this piece in gallery settings and at musical events held in nightlife establishments.  Responses have been unpredictable, as this piece tests the patience of its viewers.\"Super A\", the Melanesian theorist and theologian, alter ego of Evil performs on stage while inhaling helium and telling jokes. \"While under the influence of the US Army in the mid 40’s and 50’s the islanders of Melanesia developed an ostentatious practice mimicking the US culture, worshiping the wealth (cargo!) This performance elaborates on the basics of the cargo cult and shows the difficult implications of simulation and over-identification today.\"During the Obama/McCain campaigns of 2008, Kabisch gave a lecture which explored the \"alleged differences between Barack Obama and John McCain, show how these differences are reflected in their appearances and media strategies, and ask what irony has to do with it.\" In a recent project, \"High On Life!\",  Evil explores the spiritual limits of The American Dream of which he is a very proud incarnation.  During a 3 week stay in Christiana, Denmark, Evil sat in a hole in the ground meditating. The artist expanded the view of his profession (daredevil) by meditating daily and engaging in a number of social activities focusing on the themes of \"purity\" and \"purification\".  On this journey of self exploration, Evil says, \"I am here to explore. I am on a quest for personal integrity and unity. Man is asked to make of himself what he is supposed to become to fulfill what he is meant. Don’t get me wrong: I don’t do drugs. I relinquish anything that’s wrong. I’m high on life! “ Jens Kabisch, studied Fine arts at the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich, the University of the Arts, Berlin, and at Central Saint Martins College, London."@en .corpus286.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torture_Memos> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For the Torture manuals, see U.S. Army and CIA interrogation manualsThe Torture Memos is a term originally applying to a set of legal memoranda drafted by John Yoo as Deputy Assistant Attorney General of the United States and signed in August 2002 by Assistant Attorney General Jay S. Bybee, head of the Office of Legal Counsel of the United States Department of Justice. They advised the Central Intelligence Agency, the United States Department of Defense, and the president on the use of enhanced interrogation techniques: mental and physical torment and coercion such as prolonged sleep deprivation, binding in stress positions, and waterboarding, and stated that such acts, widely regarded as torture, might be legally permissible under an expansive interpretation of presidential authority during the \"War on Terror\".Following accounts of the Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse scandal in Iraq, one of the memos was leaked to the press in June 2004. Jack Goldsmith, then head of the Office of Legal Counsel, had already withdrawn the Yoo memos and advised agencies not to rely on them.  After Goldsmith was forced to resign because of his objections, Attorney General Ashcroft issued a one paragraph opinion re-authorizing the use of torture.  Then in December 2004, another head of OLC reaffirmed the original legal opinions.In May 2005 the CIA requested new legal opinions about the interrogation techniques it was using. The OLC issued three memos that month, signed by Steven G. Bradbury, ruling on the legality of the authorized techniques if agents followed certain constraints. In addition to these memos issued by the OLC to executive agencies, internal memos were written related to the use of torture in interrogation of detainees; for instance, in 2002 and 2003, Donald Rumsfeld, Secretary of Defense, signed several memos authorizing \"Special Interrogation Plans\" for specific detainees held at Guantanamo Bay in an attempt to gain more information from them.All of these memoranda have been the focus of considerable controversy over executive power, government practices, and the treatment of detainees during the Bush administration. They were repudiated by President Barack Obama on January 22, 2009, shortly after he took office."@en .corpus286.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaneohe_Ranch_Building> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Kaneohe Ranch Building at Castle Junction, where the Pali Highway (Route 61), Kamehameha Highway (Route 83), and Kalanianaʻole Highway (Route 72) intersect on the windward side of Oʻahu, was built in 1940 to be the headquarters of Kaneohe Ranch, which owned 12,000 acres (49 km2) of surrounding land and played a major role in the history of Kāneʻohe and Kailua. The building is significant both for its association with the Ranch and for its Hawaiian style architecture designed by Albert Ely Ives (1898-1966). Ives' other work on the windward side includes Plantation Estate which is the Winter White House of Barack Obama.  The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 5 June 1987.The building exhibits key features of the style of Hawaiian architecture that developed during the 1920s and 1930s: the double-pitched Dickey roof with overhanging eaves, plaster-covered masonry walls, and ample cross-ventilation. Its architect was best known for his residential work; this is one of his few commercial buildings.During the mid-19th century, most of the land in the area belonged to Kalama, Queen Consort of Kamehameha III and later Queen Dowager of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi. She and Judge Charles Coffin Harris began a sugar plantation on the land, but after she died in 1870 and it failed in 1871, the land eventually passed to Harris's daughter, Nannie H. Rice, who in 1893 leased 15,000 acres (61 km2) to J. P. Mendonca, who founded Kaneohe Ranch in 1894. Lower-lying wetlands were leased to Chinese rice farmers. In 1907 James Bicknell Castle became the principal stockholder of the Ranch, and 1917 his son, Harold K.L. Castle, purchased the land from Mrs. Rice. Most of the land was used for cattle-ranching until World War II, when the military took over much of it. After the war, former ranch lands have provided room for ever expanding residential subdivisions."@en .corpus287.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_M._Cole> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Michael Cole (born May 2, 1952) is an American attorney who served as United States Deputy Attorney General from December 29, 2010 to January 8, 2015. He was first installed as Deputy Attorney General following a recess appointment by President Barack Obama on December 29, 2010.  He then was confirmed by the United States Senate in a 55–42 vote on June 28, 2011."@en .corpus287.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_D'Annunzio> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Timothy Bruce D'Annunzio (born January 14, 1958) is an American businessman and political figure from Raeford, North Carolina. He is best known for his unsuccessful 2010 bid for  North Carolina's 8th congressional district.D'Annunzio is a conservative who favors gun rights and small government, including privatizing the social \"safety net\". He has a history of publicly denouncing Barack Obama, among others. While his candidacy was heavily supported by the Tea Party movement, he was not favored by the leadership of the North Carolina Republican Party.A former Army paratrooper, Tim D'Annunzio is also a professional skydiver and sponsors Paraclete XP skydiving team."@en .corpus287.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caitlin_Halligan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Caitlin Joan Halligan (born December 14, 1966) is a lawyer who is the former general counsel for the Manhattan district attorney's office. She served as Solicitor General for the state of New York from 2001 until 2007. President Barack Obama nominated her several times to fill a vacancy on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, but the U.S. Senate did not vote directly on the nomination, and in March 2013 the President withdrew the nomination at her request."@en .corpus287.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_the_Love_Again> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"All About the Love Again\" is a 2009 single from American R&B artist Stevie Wonder. The song was originally written for the 2008 presidential election. The single has been performed at the 2009 inauguration of Barack Obama, American Idol, and The Ellen DeGeneres Show. The song was nominated for the Grammy for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at The 52nd Annual Grammy Awards of 2010."@en .corpus287.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Commission_on_the_BP_Deepwater_Horizon_Oil_Spill_and_Offshore_Drilling> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling is a bipartisan presidential commission, established by Executive Order 13543 signed by Barack Obama on May 21, 2010, that is “tasked with providing recommendations on how the United States can prevent and mitigate the impact of any future spills that result from offshore drilling.”  It came about as a result of the April 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill.  The first public hearings, held on July 12 and 13, 2010 in New Orleans, included scheduled testimony from  Federal government officials and representatives of BP on the status of the spill and clean-up efforts, as well as from local officials, community leaders, and scientists on the economic, cultural, and ecological impacts of the oil spill on Gulf Coast communities and ecosystems.On October 6, 2010 the commission released preliminary reports criticizing the Obama administration for mismanagement of its response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. Amongst other things cited were, not being fully candid with the American people, and giving the impression of not being fully competent.On January 11, 2011, the commission released its final report, with recommendations to Congress for new spending and regulations."@en .corpus288.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post-racial_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Post-racial America is a theoretical environment where the United States is devoid of racial preference, discrimination, and prejudice. Some Americans believed that the election of Barack Obama as President and wider acceptance of interracial marriage signified that the nation had become post-racial, while others believe that groups such as the Tea Party movement prove it has not. In January 2010 the Pew Research Center conducted a poll in conjunction with National Public Radio that indicated that 39% of persons of African-American descent felt they were in a better position than they had been five years ago, an increase of 19% from the previous poll taken in 2008.  Actor and director Mario Van Peebles made a television documentary titled Fair Game that challenged the idea that the United States had become a post-racial society."@en .corpus288.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoani_Sánchez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Yoani María Sánchez Cordero (born September 4, 1975) is a Cuban blogger who has achieved international fame and multiple international awards for her critical portrayal of life in Cuba under its current government.Sanchez attended primary school  during the affluent time when the Soviet Union was providing considerable aid to Cuba. However, her high school and university education coincided with the loss of financial aid to Cuba following the Soviet Union's collapse, creating a highly public educational system and style of living that subsequently left Sanchez with a strong need for personal privacy.  Sanchez's university education left her with two understandings; first, that she had acquired a disgust for “high culture”, and second that she no longer had an interest in philology, her chosen field of university study.Sánchez, disillusioned with her home country, left Cuba for Switzerland in 2002, and it was during this time that she became interested in computer science. When she finally returned to Cuba, Sanchez helped to establish Contodos, a magazine that continues to act  as a forum for Cuban free expression, and a vehicle for  reporting news. Sánchez is best known for her blog, Generación Y (Generation Y); which, despite censorship in Cuba, she is able to publish by e-mailing the blog entries to friends outside the country who then post them online. The blog is translated and available in 17 languages.Time magazine listed her as one of the world's 100 most influential people in 2008, stating that \"under the nose of a regime that has never tolerated dissent, Sánchez has practiced what paper-bound journalists in her country cannot; freedom of speech\". In November 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama, wrote that her blog \"provides the world a unique window into the realities of daily life in Cuba\" and applauded her efforts to \"empower fellow Cubans to express themselves through the use of technology.\""@en .corpus288.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulaiman_Mohammed_Nazif> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sulaiman Mohammed Nazif (born 14 April 1970) was elected Senator for the Bauchi North constituency of Bauchi State, Nigeria, taking office on 29 May 2007. He was elected on the Action Congress (AC) platform.Nazif attended the Federal Polytechnic Staff School, Bauchi (1981–1983), the Nigerian Military School (1983–1988) and Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, graduating in 1990 as an Engineer.After taking his seat in the Senate, he was appointed to committees on Women and Youth, Water Resources, Solid Minerals, Local & Foreign Debts, Land Transport (Vice Chairman), Drugs Narcotics Anti Corruption and Communications.He was also appointed the Publicity Secretary of the Northern Senators Forum.He was nominated to go to the U.S. as a guest of their government to witness the inauguration of President Barack Obama. However, when he arrived at Washington Dulles International Airport he was told his visa was not in order and was not allowed to enter the country.In a mid-term evaluation of Senators in May 2009, ThisDay said that he had not sponsored any bill but co-sponsored some bills, including the Nigerians Railway Corporation (Repeal and Reenactment) Bill 2008. He co-sponsored fifteen motions and made brilliant contributions to debates in plenary.Nazif was a contender to become governor of Bauchi State in the 28 April 2011 elections, running on the All Nigeria People's Party (ANPP) platform. He came fourth with 102,093 votes, losing to the incumbent Governor Isa Yuguda, who won 771,503 votes."@en .corpus289.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Llewellyn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Frank Llewellyn is the former National Director of the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA), which is the largest U.S. organization advocating democratic socialism. DSA is an affiliate of the Socialist International,  which is the international association of socialist and social-democratic parties. Llewellyn has criticized the Republican Party's use of the term \"socialist\" as a negative epithet, particularly since the Barack Obama's presidential campaign. Llewellyn has also criticized the liberalism of the Democratic Party leadership. Llewellyn has spoken and written to support a social democratic agenda, which includes strengthened unions and a government-sponsored system of health care.In October 1983, Frank Llewellyn was a New York delegate to the DSA conference in New York City. He was a member of the DSA's Racial-Diversity Task-Force in 1992, and a member of DSA's steering committee in 1994. He was also a member of the DSA's delegation to the 12th and 13th congresses of the Socialist International.In 2011, Llewellyn was succeeded as national director by Maria Svart."@en .corpus289.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_R._Bromwich> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael R. Bromwich (born December 19, 1953) is a litigation attorney who was designated by Barack Obama on June 15, 2010, to be the first director of the newly created Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement, which replaces the Minerals Management Service in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill."@en .corpus289.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_M._Fudge> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ann Marie Fudge (born April 23, 1951) serves on a number of corporate boards, including those of General Electric, Novartis, Unilever and Infosys, as well as on several non-profit boards. She is former chairman and CEO of Young & Rubicam Brands, a global network of marketing communications companies. In 2010, Fudge served on President Barack Obama's National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform."@en .corpus289.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_J._Casper> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Denise Jefferson Casper (born January 9, 1968) is a United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts.  She was confirmed by the Senate on December 17, 2010 and her commission was signed by President Barack Obama on December 20, 2010.  She formerly was the Deputy District Attorney for the Middlesex District Attorney's Office in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Casper is the first black female judge to serve on the federal bench in Massachusetts."@en .corpus29.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Public_Interest_Research_Group> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The New York Public Interest Research Group (NYPIRG) is a New York State-wide student-directed, non-partisan, not for profit political organization. It has existed since 1973. Its current executive director is Rebecca Weber and its founding director was Donald K. Ross. Blair Horner was its Legislative Director for many years.NYPIRG is controlled by a student board of directors. Any issue that NYPIRG works on, or stance it takes, must be approved by its student board of directors.  Aileen Sheil is the current chairperson of NYPIRG's board of directors. NYPIRG is one of the largest of the Public Interest Research Groups, which were inspired by Ralph Nader in the 1970s, and operate at the state level.  After leaving Columbia University, current President of the United States Barack Obama worked at NYPIRG at its City College Chapter."@en .corpus29.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Schieffer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bob Lloyd Schieffer (born February 25, 1937) is an American television journalist who has been with CBS News since 1969, serving 23 years as anchor on the Saturday edition of CBS Evening News from 1973 to 1996; chief Washington correspondent since 1982, moderator of the Sunday public affairs show Face the Nation since 1991. From March 2005 to August 31, 2006, Schieffer was interim weekday anchor of the CBS Evening News. As of 2011, he is one of the primary substitutes for Scott Pelley.Schieffer is one of the few journalists to have covered all four of the major Washington national assignments: the White House, the Pentagon, United States Department of State, and United States Congress. His career with CBS has almost exclusively dealt with national politics.On October 13, 2004, he was the moderator of the third presidential debate between President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry in Tempe, Arizona. On October 15, 2008, Schieffer moderated the third presidential debate between Senator Barack Obama and Senator John McCain.  Schieffer also moderated the third debate of the presidential candidates in 2012, between President Obama and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, on October 22 in Boca Raton, Florida."@en .corpus29.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Morella> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Constance Albanese \"Connie\" Morella (born February 12, 1931) is a Republican who represented Maryland's 8th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1987 to 2003.  She also served as Permanent Representative to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) from 2003 to 2007. She currently serves on American University's faculty as an Ambassador in Residence for the Women in Politics Institute. She was appointed to the American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC) by President Barack Obama in 2010."@en .corpus290.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ari_Ne'eman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ari Ne'eman (pronounced \"ne-eh-man\"; born December 10, 1987) is an American autism rights activist who co-founded the Autistic Self Advocacy Network in 2006. On December 16, 2009, President Barack Obama announced that Ari Ne'eman would be appointed to the National Council on Disability. After an anonymous hold was lifted, Ne'eman was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate to serve on the Council on June 22, 2010. He currently chairs the Council's Policy & Program Evaluation Committee. Ne'eman has a diagnosis of Asperger syndrome, making him the first person with an autistic spectrum disorder to serve on the council."@en .corpus290.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray's_Hell_Burger> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ray's Hell Burger is a hamburger restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, United States. Hamburgers served in a few variations, including gourmet toppings, are its only main dish offering. Ray's Hell Burger is the third eatery established by Washington, D.C. restaurateur Michael Landrum, who also owns the steakhouse Ray's the Steaks in Arlington and Ray's the Classics. \"Ray\" is a nickname given to Landrum by a former girlfriend. It opened on July 1, 2008, and while there was no public relations blitz for the opening, popularity of the restaurant's following grew quickly. It had undergone various permutations of its name. As of January 16, 2013, two of the Ray's Hell Burger restaurant locations closed and a new larger Ray's location opened.Burger toppings include seared foie gras, roasted bone marrow, and double-cream brie. Of the bottled drink offerings, Ray's Hell Burger serves Old Dominion Brewing Company root beer, Cheerwine soda, Boylan Bottling Company pure cane sugar sodas, and Ale-8-One. Ray's Hell Burger Too also included Bell's beer, Lucifer (a Belgium blonde ale), and Mondavi wines.United States president Barack Obama took Russian president Dmitry Medvedev to Ray's Hell Burger in June 2010. President Obama also ate at the restaurant with Vice President Joe Biden in May 2009.  That first visit caused such an increase in business that it forced Landrum to expand the restaurant at an adjacent location."@en .corpus290.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ludwig_(composer)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Ludwig (born 1974, Bucks County, PA) is an American composer of classical music.  His uncle is pianist Peter Serkin, his grandfather was the pianist Rudolf Serkin, and his great-grandfather was the violinist Adolf Busch.Ludwig attended Oberlin College for his undergraduate degree, originally intending to take a degree in art history, but eventually taking a music degree.  His teachers included Richard Hoffmann.  He received his M.M. from The Manhattan School of Music.  He completed additional post-graduate work at the Curtis Institute of Music with Richard Danielpour, Jennifer Higdon and Ned Rorem, and at the Juilliard School with John Corigliano. He received his PhD from the University of Pennsylvania, where he was the George Crumb Fellow, with his 'Sonata for Violin and Piano' as his dissertation.Ludwig has written music for many musicians and ensembles, including Jonathan Biss, André Watts, Jaime Laredo, eighth blackbird, Jennifer Koh, Dolce Suono Ensemble, Network for New Music, The Philadelphia Orchestra and the Minnesota and National Symphonies.  Ludwig has held residencies with Meet the Composer, the Isabella Gardner Museum, the MacDowell and Yaddo artist colonies and the Marlboro Music School. He was the composer-in-residence with the Vermont Symphony Orchestra from 2006-2009. His choral work, The New Colossus, was performed at the 2013 Presidential Inauguration of Barack Obama.  Ludwig joined the composition faculty at the Curtis Institute of Music as of the 2010-2011 academic year, and is the Artistic Director of the Curtis 20/21 Contemporary Music Ensemble, and the Dean of Artistic Programs."@en .corpus290.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Indiana,_1992> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1992 United States presidential election in Indiana took place on November 3, 1992 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 1992 United States presidential election. Voters chose 12 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Indiana was won by President George H.W. Bush (R-TX). The presidential contest in Indiana was not a surprise, with Bush winning 42.91% to 36.79% over  Governor Bill Clinton ((D) by a big margin of 6.12%. Still, the margin of victory was lesser than in earlier elections; Clinton won every state bordering Indiana, and except for the Midwest Bush finished first in no state more northern than Indiana. Billionaire Businessman Ross Perot (I-TX) finished in third with a significant 19.77% of the popular vote in Indiana. Indiana would stay a Republican state until 2008, in which Barack Obama won by a close margin, the first Democratic Victory in Indiana since 1964."@en .corpus290.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holdren> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Paul Holdren (born March 1, 1944) is the senior advisor to President Barack Obama on science and technology issues through his roles as Assistant to the President for Science and Technology, Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, and Co-Chair of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST)Holdren was previously the Teresa and John Heinz Professor of Environmental Policy at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, director of the Science, Technology, and Public Policy Program at the School's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, and Director of the Woods Hole Research Center."@en .corpus291.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_North_Carolina,_1976> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1976 United States presidential election in North Carolina took place on November 2, 1976 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 1976 United States presidential election. Voters chose 13 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.North Carolina voted decisively for the Democratic nominee, Georgia Governor Jimmy Carter, over the Republican nominee, incumbent President Gerald R. Ford of Michigan. Carter carried the state with 55.27% to Ford's 44.22%, a victory margin of 11.05%. Carter's victory would be the last time a Democratic presidential candidate would win North Carolina's electoral votes until 2008, when Barack Obama would carry it with a narrow plurality."@en .corpus291.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mignon_Clyburn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mignon L. Clyburn (born March 22, 1962) is a Commissioner at the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) since she was nominated by President Barack Obama on June 25, 2009, and sworn in on August 3, 2009.  She was renominated for an FCC Commissioner on June 7, 2012, and her term as a commissioner will end in 2017. On May 20, 2013, she was appointed by President Barack Obama as Acting Chairwoman of the Federal Communications Commission.Commissioner Clyburn is the daughter of U.S. Representative Jim Clyburn and a member of the Federal Communications Commission.Prior to her nomination to the FCC, she served for 11 years as the representative of South Carolina's 6th congressional district on the South Carolina Public Service Commission (PSC). She was sworn in for her first term in July 1998, and was reelected by the South Carolina General Assembly in 2002 and 2006. She served as the chair of the PSC from July 2002 through July 2004. In 2009 she was designated a Women's History Month Honoree by the National Women's History Project.On November 21, 2014 she participated in a reddit AMA in which she was critiziced by users for unsatisfactorily answering questions about how the FCC has handled net neutrality rulemaking."@en .corpus291.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartcop> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "bartcop was a liberal blogger from Tulsa, Oklahoma, active on the web since 1996 who produced his own internet radio show beginning in 2004. \"bartcop\" was the moniker of Terry R. Coppage, born September 1, 1953. He died March 5th, 2014. On his death he received many tribute from the liberal blogosphere. bartcop.com consisted of humorous political commentary from a liberal perspective.Scathing criticism of the Republicans, and sometimes Democrats in signature bartcop \"rants\" were a main draw of the site. Although a serious political commentator (i.e., his site is not satire), bartcop sometimes described himself as primarily a comedian. The constant witticisms and humor that defined his page gained him a large and loyal readership.bartcop was an ardent Bill Clinton loyalist. He supported Hillary Clinton's bid for the presidency in 2008, and had been an outspoken opponent of Barack Obama, splitting with the majority of the liberal Blogosphere and causing much controversy from late 2007 up until June 2008, when Sen. Obama secured enough delegates to carry his party's nomination.  Since then, bartcop threw full support behind Sen. Obama.[1]"@en .corpus291.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/President's_Management_Council> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The President’s Management Council is an executive branch reform group in the United States. Although established by the Administration of President Bill Clinton in 1993, the concept for this council, and its purpose, has existed in various forms since the Reagan administration. The group is made up of high ranking administrative officials and tasked with improving management within the Executive Office, resolving specific interagency management issues and produce mechanisms for the efficient exchange of information throughout the executive branch.  Members to the council include the Chief Operating Officers from all federal executive departments (minus the Department of Homeland Security), the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget, Director of the Office of Personnel Management, Administrator of General Services Administration, the Chief Operating Officers of three other Executive branch agencies designated by the Chairperson, Secretary of the Cabinet, as while as officials of the Executive departments and agencies as designated by the President.The Management Council has since been adopted by both the Bush and Obama Administrations. In July, 2001, President George W. Bush issued a memorandum establishing the council, tasked with improving overall executive branch management and coordinating management-related efforts to improve government. In 2010, President Barack Obama signed Executive Order 13538 to create the Management Council's private-sector counterpart- the President's Management Advisory Board, consisting of executive officers and chairpersons in American industry."@en .corpus291.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/President's_Management_Advisory_Board> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The President's Management Advisory Board is a council of 17 corporate executives from leading American companies. Its purpose is to provide the administration of the executive branch advice and recommendations on effective strategies for the implementation of the best business practices on matters related to federal government's management and operations, with focus on productivity, the implementation of innovative methods, customer service, and technology.    The board will be chaired by former Sirius/XM Satellite Radio Director Jeffrey Zients as part of the General Services Administration of the Executive Office.  As of July 2010, appointments to the board have not been announced. The board was formed by Executive Order 13538 by President Barack Obama in 2010 and intended to complement the President's Management Council, the interagency management and reform group also of the Executive branch created by the Clinton Administration in 1993.   The board is an outgrowth of a January 2010 White House gathering that included the founders of Craigslist, Facebook, Adobe Systems, Microsoft, J Crew, Rosetta Stone, and Yelp! who were invited by Obama to share their tips on making the government more customer-friendly.  The board shares many similarities to that of the Australian government's Management Advisory Committee which aims to embed a culture of innovation in attempt to rejuvenate the policies, public services and analysis management of the Commonwealth.The Australian counterpart, too, grew from a gathering of their top 200 senior executives invited to serve as direct resources for the Secretaries and agency heads of the Australian Executive branch."@en .corpus291.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Espinel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Victoria Angelica Espinel (born October 16, 1968) is the president and chief executive of the software industry trade group BSA (The Software Alliance).Prior to this, she was the United States Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator for the White House, housed in the Office of Management and Budget. She was appointed to the position by Barack Obama on September 25, 2009, and her appointment was unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate on December 3, 2009. She stepped down in August 2013. Espinel was the first person to fill the position. She was responsible for the development and implementation of the President's overall strategy for the enforcement of intellectual property. Espinel has been referred to as the \"IP Czar\" by numerous media outlets including National Journal, TechDirt and Intellectual Property WatchEspinel holds a Master of Law from the London School of Economics (earned in 1997), a Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law School (earned in 1992), and a Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service (earned in 1989).Before joining the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, Espinel was with the law firms of Covington & Burling in London and Washington, D.C., and Sidley Austin in New York.  She also served as an advisor to Romulus Global Issues Management and is a member of the Brain Trust of the Global Innovation Forum.In 2001, Espinel joined the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative as the senior counsel for intellectual property issues.In 2005, Espinel was asked to serve as the first Assistant United States Trade Representative for Intellectual Property and Innovation at the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, creating the office of Intellectual Property and Innovation at USTR and serving as the chief U.S. trade negotiator for intellectual property and innovation. While at USTR, she testified on numerous occasions before the House Judiciary Committee and the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.From 2007 to 2009, Espinel was a Visiting Assistant Professor at the George Mason University School of Law. Her areas of teaching and research were intellectual property and international trade.  While at George Mason, she acted as an advisor on intellectual property issues to the staff of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senate Finance Committee, House Judiciary Committee and House Ways and Means Committee.In 2009, Espinel founded Bridging the Innovation Divide, a not-for-profit foundation focused on addressing the \"innovation divide\" and empowering all Americans to obtain the full benefit of their creativity and ingenuity."@en .corpus292.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Warren_Buffett> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Howard Warren Buffett (born October 14, 1983) is a faculty member at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs  and the executive director of the Howard G. Buffett Foundation, a private philanthropic foundation that funds initiatives aimed at improving the standard of living and quality of life for the world’s most impoverished and marginalized populations. He previously served as the director of agriculture development for the Task Force for Business and Stability Operations (TFBSO) at the United States Department of Defense, and as a policy advisor in the Executive Office of the President of the United States under President Barack Obama. Prior to joining the White House, Buffett served as a special assistant at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, as a member of the Obama-Biden Transition Project, and as director of National Surrogate Radio for Obama for America."@en .corpus292.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Ellen_Powell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jo Ellen Powell is a career member of the United States Foreign Service who served as Consul General in Frankfurt, Germany and was nominated as the US ambassador to Mauritania by Barack Obama on July 15, 2010.  She has been known in Frankfurt for her active engagement with Germany's Muslim community, as well as with students, through the \"Windows on America\" program.  Prior to that Powell was the Executive Director of the Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, Director of the Office of Employee Relations, and Management Counselor at the U.S. Embassy in Canberra, Australia.Powell has also served in France, Italy, Lebanon, and Jordan.  She is married to Stephen Engelken, also a career diplomat and current deputy chief of mission to Islamabad in Pakistan, with whom she has a 20-year old son who studies at the George Washington University in Washington."@en .corpus292.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gururaj_Deshpande> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gururaj Deshpande (\"Desh\" Deshpande)  is an Indian American venture capitalist and entrepreneur, who is best known for co-founding the Chelmsford, MA-based internet equipment manufacturer Sycamore Networks, the Deshpande Center for Technological Innovation at MIT and the Deshpande Foundation.Presently, Deshpande is the Chairman of A123Systems, Sycamore Networks, Tejas Networks, HiveFire, Sandstone Capital, Sparta Group, and sits on the Board of Airvana.Deshpande is also a Life Member of the MIT Corporation, the Board of Trustees of MIT.In July 2010, Deshpande was appointed by President Barack Obama to the Co-Chairmanship of the National Advisory Council on Innovation and Entrepreneurship, a group established to support the US President's innovation strategy."@en .corpus292.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Write_Like> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "I Write Like is a website created by Russian software programmer Dmitry Chestnykh, founder of software company Coding Robots. The site analyzes users' writing samples and, by looking for certain keywords, vocabulary, and style via a naive Bayes classifier and returns the name of a popular writer the sample most closely resembles. It was launched on July 9, 2010 and, according to reports, has gone viral, getting over 100,000 visitors on July 13, 2010 and spreading quickly across other blogs and popular social-networking websites such as Facebook and Twitter.According to the Toronto Star, the website's popularity soared as a result of a series of rants made by actor Mel Gibson; New York City-based blog Gawker submitted transcripts of Gibson's rants to find that the site website compared them to writings by Canadian writer and feminist Margaret Atwood. Film critic Roger Ebert tried the site and said on a tweet that \"I Write Like thinks I write like Margaret Atwood, she writes like H. P. Lovecraft, and he writes like James Joyce\". The Star also reported the result that Ontario premier Dalton McGuinty's Children’s hospital in Ottawa celebrates big expansion closely resembles Joyce's A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. The Guardian reported that Atwood herself tried out the website, and it said that her writing resembles that of novelist Stephen King in one attempt and like Joyce on another try. William Gibson also tried the site, which said his writing resembles that of Vladimir Nabokov. A transcript of a speech made by U.S. President Barack Obama in June 2010 has been compared to author David Foster Wallace, while the lyrics to Lady Gaga's song \"Alejandro\" have been compared to William Shakespeare. Other bloggers, including author Teresa Nielsen Hayden, have expressed anger and frustration to find that the website has compared their writings to that by The Da Vinci Code author Dan Brown. Despite the website's early success, Chestnykh was cautious to say that its accuracy still needs improvement, as he has only been able to upload \"a few books by some 50 different authors\" into its database. He says that he intends to include advanced features such as \"probability percentages\" that a user-submitted passage resembles a certain author."@en .corpus292.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englewood_Federal_Detention_Center> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Englewood Federal Detention Center is a federal detention center that is part of a complex of federal prisons in Englewood, Colorado. The complex also includes Englewood FCI and the Englewood Federal Prison Camp. The FDC consists of two units, A and B, each of which has a capacity of about 100 inmates. Inmates are kept physically separated from those in the other unit and are not allowed to communicate with them. This facility has a psychiatric staff that conducts mental health evaluations of defendants who are temporarily transferred in from all over the country pursuant to United States federal laws governing offenders with mental diseases or defects. Nathan Johnson was housed in this facility pending trial for his role in the 2008 Barack Obama assassination scare in Denver."@en .corpus292.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beryl_A._Howell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Beryl A. Howell (born 1956) is a federal District Court judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.  She was nominated by President Barack Obama on July 14, 2010 and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on December 27, 2010.  She previously served in law enforcement, and in public and private practice as an attorney, counsel to Congressional committees, and recording industry lobbyist."@en .corpus292.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firing_of_Shirley_Sherrod> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On July 19, 2010, Shirley Sherrod was fired from her appointed position as Georgia State Director of Rural Development for the United States Department of Agriculture because of administration reaction to media reports on video excerpts from her address to an event of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in March 2010 and commentary posted by blogger Andrew Breitbart on his website. Based on just these excerpts, the NAACP condemned Sherrod's remarks as racist and U.S. government officials called on the official to resign. But, after a longer version of her address was reviewed and her remarks were understood to be about the importance of overcoming personal prejudices, the NAACP and White House officials apologized.  In addition, United States Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack apologized for the firing and offered Sherrod a new position.Extensive media coverage of the excerpted videos, various parties' comments, and later corrections after the full story was discovered, exacerbated the affair. The event brought to the forefront current debates regarding racism in the United States, cable news reporting, ideological websites on the internet, and decisions made by President Barack Obama's administration.The Obama administration apologized to Sherrod, and offered her a full-time, high-level internal advocacy position with the USDA, which she ultimately declined.  In 2011, Sherrod initiated a libel lawsuit against Breitbart and co-defendant Larry O'Connor for defamation. Their attorney filed for dismissal two months later on First Amendment grounds. In February 2012, defendants' motion for dismissal under the anti-SLAPP (Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Participation) law was denied and subsequently appealed to the U.S. District Court for the D.C. Circuit."@en .corpus292.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Time_Bill> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Good Time Bill, also known as the Federal Prison Work Incentive Act, is a bill to reduce federal prisoners' sentences by granting more good conduct time. Despite rumors that perpetually circulate throughout the Bureau of Prisons that the bill is about to be signed by President Barack Obama, the bill has not emerged from committee. One of the main organizations pushing for the bill has been FedCURE."@en .corpus293.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010_Milwaukee_flood> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "There were two episodes of flash flooding in the Milwaukee, Wisconsin, area in a one-week period in July 2010.The first incident occurred in the night on July 15 to July 16.  This incident caused basement flooding and some street flooding.Seven days later on July 22 up to 7.5 inches (190 mm) of rain fell in two hours. This unusually heavy rainfall turned streets and freeways into rivers and impassable ponds.  Because of the massive amount of rain in such a short amount of time, it caused sewer backups in many areas of the county. The hardest hit were the Northshore areas of Shorewood, Whitefish Bay, Glendale, and North-eastern Milwaukee with water reaching five feet in some areas.  The areas had just recovered from the earlier flood and were beginning to resume normalcy.  The phrase 'insult to injury' was echoed among many of the TV stations for their plight. Other severe floods, causing ditches to flow over and much basement damage, was located in Fox Point.Media coverage was hampered as the heavy rains caused flooding and damage to equipment at several television stations. The rain caused a sewer to back up inside the facility for television stations WVTV-TV and WCGV-TV, damaging equipment and causing the station to go off-air until the next afternoon, and local operations did not resume until later in the weekend. Flooding of a creek next to the transmission facility for WDJT-TV, WMLW-TV, WBME-TV and WYTU-LP also caused all four stations to go dark, and news operations on WDJT were affected as the station's microwave relay for ENG vehicles was not operational. For much of the weekend, rival station WTMJ-TV simulcast WDJT on a digital subchannel, repaying an arrangement made to simulcast WTMJ on a WDJT subchannel earlier in the year after WTMJ's tower was struck by lightning. During the intense rain several stations experienced Rain fade on satellite reception so severe that network programming had to be temporarily suspended, either by use of a technical difficulties message or, in the case of WDJT, airing impromptu news and weather coverage.A Cadillac Escalade SUV was swallowed in large sinkhole many times its size at the intersection of Oakland and North Avenues on Milwaukee's East Side.The severe weather closed Mitchell International Airport, causing a so-called rain-in.  The runways were flooded with high water grounding local flights, and causing incoming flights to be diverted.The flooding also caused one confirmed death, as 19-year-old Kyle Prelesnik's body was recovered from Lincoln Creek about eight blocks away from his car which he had been driving in the storm. The cause of the car going into the creek is pending.It is estimated that the latter storm caused flooding damage of about $37 million.  Governor Jim Doyle declared a State of Emergency for Milwaukee County on July 23 as more than ten inches of rain had fallen between the two storms.In the aftermath of the flooding, the state of Wisconsin requested emergency assistance from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, but the initial request was rejected because there was not enough damage reported to qualify for assistance. In August, after Governor Doyle appealed the rejection and submitted additional information on damages, the state received a \"Public Assistance\" declaration that authorized federal aid in connection with flooding and storm damage to public facilities in Milwaukee County and Grant County, Wisconsin, during the period July 20–24. Calumet County was later added to the declaration. In September, President Barack Obama issued an \"Individual Assistance declaration\" that authorized federal aid for damaged homes and businesses.Damage from flood waters and backed-up sewage led to a decision in November 2010 to demolish the former St. Michael Hospital, a seven-story 800,000-square-foot (74,000 m2) building that had been largely vacant since the hospital closed in 2006."@en .corpus293.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Presidents_(TV_series)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Presidents is a 2005 American documentary television series about the history of each President of the United States of America, narrated by Edward Herrmann.The show documents each of the Presidents in the union, starting with George Washington, following a chronological order up until Barack Obama. Each President's segment begins with the narrator giving a brief dossier about each one, from their political affiliation, family, and notable traits. The show then highlights the history behind each presidency, linking each one to the following."@en .corpus293.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Move!> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Let's Move! is a campaign to end childhood obesity in the United States. The campaign was started by First Lady Michelle Obama. The initiative has the initially stated goal of \"solving the challenge of childhood obesity within a generation so that children born today will reach adulthood at a healthy weight.\"The campaign was announced on February 9, 2010 by Michelle Obama. She indicated the campaign would encourage healthier food in schools, better food labeling and more physical activity for children. On the same date, President Barack Obama signed a presidential memorandum creating the Task Force on Childhood Obesity to review current programs and develop a national action plan.Let's Move! seeks to combat the epidemic of childhood obesity and encourage a healthy lifestyle through \"a comprehensive, collaborative, and community-oriented initiative that addresses all of the various factors that lead to childhood obesity [. . .] engaging every sector of society that impacts the health of children to provide schools, families and communities the simple tools they need to help kids be more active, eat better, and get healthy.\"A song, \"Move Your Body\", was released to promote the campaign called Let's Move! Flash Workout. The song was by Beyoncé Knowles and Swizz Beatz, and the video was shot in a school cafeteria where Beyoncé was dancing with children."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Sentencing_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-220) was an Act of Congress signed into law by U.S. President Barack Obama on August 3, 2010.  Similar bills were introduced in several U.S. Congresses before its passage in 2010.  The law reduced the disparity between the amount of crack cocaine and powder cocaine needed to trigger certain United States federal criminal penalties from a 100:1 weight ratio to an 18:1 weight ratio and eliminated the five-year mandatory minimum sentence for simple possession of crack cocaine, among other provisions. Courts had also acted to reduce the sentencing disparity prior to the bill's passage.The Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1986 implemented the initial disparity, reflecting Congress's view that crack cocaine was a more dangerous and harmful drug than powder cocaine. In the decades since, extensive research by the United States Sentencing Commission and other experts has suggested that the differences between the effects of the two drugs are exaggerated and that the sentencing disparity is unwarranted. Further controversy surrounding the 100:1 ratio was a result of its description by some as being racially biased and contributing to a disproportionate number of African Americans being sentenced for crack cocaine offenses.  Legislation to reduce the disparity has been introduced since the mid-1990s, culminating in the signing of the Fair Sentencing Act.The Act has been described as improving the fairness of the justice system in the United States, and prominent politicians and non-profit organizations have called for further reforms. These include making the law retroactive and a complete elimination of the disparity with a 1:1 sentencing ratio."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_Committee_for_Israel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Emergency Committee for Israel is a right-wing 501(c)(4) political advocacy organization in the United States. The group's board members include Weekly Standard editor William Kristol, former Republican presidential candidate Gary Bauer, and conservative writer Rachel Abrams, wife of Elliott Abrams. Noah Pollak is its executive director.Kristol said his group, created in mid-2010, was inspired by the new \"liberal\" J Street group, \"whose ability to amplify criticism of the Israeli government showed the power of a small new group — if on the other side of the debate.\"  Pollak said, shortly after the group's creation, that it planned to be involved in a number of congressional races. \"We want to be hard-hitting; we want to get into the debate and shake things up and make some points in a firm way\", he said.As it started up, the organization ran ads opposing the elections of U.S. Senate candidate Joe Sestak and U.S. House of Representatives candidates Rush D. Holt, Jr., Mary Jo Kilroy, and John F. Tierney, portraying them as \"openly hostile\" to Israel.In October 2011, the committee produced a video portraying Occupy Wall Street as anti-Semitic. Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen referred to the video and said he found no evidence of antisemitism during his two visits to the demonstration site.In February 2012, the committee produced a 30-minute documentary covering President Barack Obama's record on Israel. The documentary received 200,000 views in its first week.In June 2012, the committee ran an ad encouraging the US Government to immediately put an end to Iran's nuclear program. The ad ran in New York; Washington, DC; and additional markets.In October 2012, the group released a robo-call which combined clips of Obama from 2009 and 2011 and a clip from a speech Benjamin Netanyahu gave in 2012, in a form that appeared as if the two were having a debate. Pollak said that month that his group would release further \"secret Obama-Netanyahu debate recordings\".In January 2013, the grouped launched a web site opposing the nomination of Chuck Hagel as Secretary of Defense."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Toussaint> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Serge Toussaint is an artist and muralist.  He was born in Haiti, grew up in Carrefour, Haiti until the age of 12.  He then moved to Corona, Queens, New York with his father.  Here he went to high school and graduated with his high school diploma.  He worked in New York for some time working often on his own artwork and earning a wage from jobs such as being a busboy at Sizzler.  He and his family took a vacation to Florida one winter and it was during this vacation he decided to stay in Miami and work on his career as an artist.  Serge currently resides (2010) in Miami, Florida and states he is unsure how many signs and murals he has done although it is surely in the hundreds if not the thousands.  He claims he was an artist at age 12 and the only lessons in art he had were during his required art class in high school.  Serge Toussaint has four children.  His mother, died in 2009.  Serge states that he had a past of doing things wrong, however he states he is now married and spends him time painting and enjoys spending his time doing rara lakay.Serge has been painting in Miami for decades but the 2008 Obama Presidential election brought attention to Serge Toussaint's work.  Serge paints large murals (larger than 5 feet in height and 5 feet in width).  During the 2008 presidential election Serge painted several murals of Barack Obama in the Little Haiti and Liberty City areas of Miami-Dade Florida.  His murals are easily recognized because he signs his name to each mural.  His signature most often reads Serge with the S being a dollar sign.  News reports covered Serge because one of his murals was commissioned through a state agency.  This particular mural was painted under interstate I-95 and Serge painted Martin Luther King alongside Obama.  According to Serge he was asked to remove the Obama portion of the mural due to government monies not being allocated for political endorsement purposes.  Serge complied, and the news outlets covered the story. Serge is best known for his signature mural of the miami heat where he worked for just over two years and received $546,000.Since the 2008 presidential election has subsided, Serge still continues to paint notable figures and make signs for Miami-Dade neighborhoods.  Serge states he loves living in Miami and is grateful to have a community of Haitians to whom he easily relates.  Serge has stated that he recognizes many of the problems of Haiti (pre-2010 earthquake) and states the government is largely to blame, but he is not political and only wishes that there is more equality between the very wealthy of Haiti and the very poor of Haiti."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama_Anak_Menteng> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Obama Anak Menteng (also known as Little Obama) is a 2010 biopic drama film written and directed by Indonesian author Damien Dematra in collaboration with John de Rantau. The film is based on Dematra's novel by the same name.  Both the book and the film are a fictionalized account of the childhood of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States, who lived in Indonesia from 1967 to 1971."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post–Civil_Rights_era_in_African-American_history> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Post–Civil Rights era in African-American history is defined as the time period in the United States of America since Congressional passage of the 1964 Civil Rights Act and 1965 Voting Rights Act, major federal legislation that 1) ended legal segregation and 2) authorized federal oversight and enforcement of voter registration and electoral practices in states or areas with a history of discriminatory practices. Politically and economically, blacks have made substantial strides in the post–civil rights era. Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson ran for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination in 1984 and 1988, attracting more blacks into politics and unprecedented support and leverage for blacks in politics. In 2008 United States Senator Barack Obama (D) from Chicago was elected as the first President of the United States of African descent; his mother was European American and his father Kenyan.In the same period, African Americans have suffered disproportionate unemployment rates following industrial and corporate restructuring, with a rate of poverty in the 21st century that is equal to that in 1968. A variety of social and judicial discrimination have resulted in African Americans having the highest rates of incarceration of any minority group, especially in the southern states of the former Confederacy."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_the_Federal_Coordinator,_Alaska_Natural_Gas_Transportation_Projects> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Office of the Federal Coordinator, Alaska Natural Gas Transportation Projects is an independent agency of the U.S. government. Congress created the Office in the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline Act of 2004.The intent of that law is to help ease forward a multibillion-dollar Alaska natural gas pipeline project that would deliver North Slope gas to consumers in the 48 contiguous states.Congress directed the Office of the Federal Coordinator to expedite and coordinate federal permitting for construction of a pipeline. The Office coordinates with over 20 federal agencies, the Canadian federal government, the State of Alaska, tribal governments and other stakeholders.With some exceptions, the law empowers the Office to prohibit a federal agency from including “in any certificate, right-of-way, permit, lease, or other authorization issued to an Alaska natural gas transportation project any term or condition that may be permitted, but is not required, by any applicable law,” if the term or condition would prevent or significantly impair construction, operation or expansion of the natural gas pipeline project.The Federal Coordinator (director of the agency) is nominated with advice and consent of the Senate by the President of the United States. Drue Pearce was the first federal coordinator; she was nominated by George W. Bush and served from December 12, 2006 through January 3, 2010. Larry Persily is the current coordinator; Barack Obama nominated him on December 9, 2009, and was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 10, 2010."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Improper_Payments_Elimination_and_Recovery_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Act of 2010  was signed by President Barack Obama into law on July 22, 2010. The law requires federal agencies to periodically review and report on major programs that are susceptible to improper payments."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unemployment_Compensation_Extension_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2010 is an American law that was signed into law by President Barack Obama in July 2010.  It extends the filing period for unemployment benefits for Americans affected to the serious economic recession of 2007 until November 2010."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_Aid_to_American_Survivors_of_Haiti_Earthquake_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Emergency Aid to American Survivors of Haiti Earthquake Act was signed into law by President Barack Obama in response to the massive 2010 earthquake in nearby Haiti.The law expanded the repatriation funds of the Health and Human Services Department from $1 million to $25 million, as well as assist low-income Medicare beneficiaries by paying their Part B premiums."@en .corpus294.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Boesch> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Donald Boesch (born November 14, 1945) is an American university professor, and President of the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science and Vice Chancellor for Environmental Sustainability for the University System of Maryland  In 2010, he was appointed by President Barack Obama as a member of the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling to investigate the root causes of the blowout at the Macondo Prospect in the Gulf of Mexico.Boesch was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, where he grew up in the Ninth Ward and experienced the flooding resulting from Hurricane Betsy.  He attended Holy Cross High School and Tulane University, in that city, earning a B.S. in Biology. Boesch completed his Ph.D. in biological oceanography at the College of William of Mary in Virginia, after which he was a Fulbright-Hays Postdoctoral Fellow at the University of Queensland in Australia.Boesch returned to the United States in 1972 and served as a professor at the Virginia Institute of Marine Science.  In 1990 he moved back to his home state as the first Executive Director of the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium, where he was responsible for building its marine center at Cocodrie, Louisiana, and two research vessels, the Pelican and the Acadiana.  During this time, he was also a professor of marine science at the Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge. He has headed the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science since 1990 and serves on the Maryland Governor’s Chesapeake Bay Cabinet.Boesch has conducted research on coastal and continental shelf ecosystems along the Atlantic Coast, the Gulf of Mexico, eastern Australia and the East China Sea. He has published two books and more than 90 papers on marine benthos, estuarine and continental shelf ecology, wetlands, effects of offshore oil and gas development, nutrient over-enrichment, environmental assessment and science policy. While in Louisiana, he initiated the research that documented the Gulf of Mexico Dead Zone and identified its principal causes.  His current research focuses on the use of science in ecosystem-based management and on assessments and adaptation strategies related to climate change.Boesch has served on numerous committees advising federal agencies and the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences, where he is chair of the Ocean Studies Board and a member of the Committee on America’s Climate Choices. He also serves on the Ocean Research and Resources Advisory Board, the external committee providing technical advice to the National Ocean Council. In 2007 he was given the Award for Lifetime Leadership in Ecosystem Restoration by the National Conference on Ecosystem Restoration.  He is a member of the governing boards of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation, Chesapeake Research Consortium, the Consortium for Ocean Leadership, and the Town Creek Foundation."@en .corpus295.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_War:_The_Secret_History_of_the_CIA_and_the_Bush_Administration> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "State of War: The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration is documentary review written by Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist for The New York Times James Risen. The book was released on January 3, 2006.Risen writes in State of War that, \"Several of the Iranian CIA agents were arrested and jailed, while the fate of some of the others is still unknown\", after a CIA official in 2004 sent an Iranian agent an encrypted electronic message, mistakenly including data that could potentially identify \"virtually every spy the CIA had inside Iran\". The Iranian was a double agent and handed over the information to Iranian intelligence. This also has been denied by an intelligence official. Risen also alleges that the Bush Administration is responsible for transformation of Afghanistan into a \"narco-state\", that provides a purported 80% of the world's heroin supply.Risen was subpoenaed twice to disclose his sources for the book, first by the George W. Bush administration and then by the Barack Obama administration. Risen declined to do so both times, but in January 2011, it was revealed that former CIA agent Jeffrey Alexander Sterling had illegally leaked classified information to Risen about the agency's involvement in Iran's nuclear program."@en .corpus295.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_Lounge> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Faculty Lounge is a band based in Des Moines, Iowa, created during Halloween of 2000 by bassist Dave Maxwell, guitarist Timm Pilcher, and drummer Mark Stallman. The band is made up of nine players, all of whom are either current or former teachers, coaches, and/or administrators in the  Des Moines Public School system or surrounding area.The band has performed three times for President Barack Obama and several times for former Iowa Governor Chet Culver (a former teacher at Des Moines Hoover and Roosevelt High Schools) who proclaimed the band as, \"The First Band of Iowa.\"The band holds a strong presence in the Des Moines area, playing numerous concerts throughout the year in front of thousands of fans at events such as Ingersoll LIVE!, Beaverdale, Iowa Fall Fest, the Windsor Heights, Iowa 4 July Festival, and Altoona, Iowa Palooza. The band is also known for its charitable efforts, donating its time and talents to fundraisers benefiting causes such as JDRF and Best Buddies International. Members of the band are active in other musical projects and are often in demand as special guest performers with other local bands.The band's lineup and their ties to Des Moines-area education as of August 1, 2013, are:Dana Andrews, Band Director at Des Moines Callanan Middle SchoolAnna Lee, Piano Accompanist at Ankeny High SchoolDave Maxwell, Associate Principal at West Des Moines Valley High SchoolTimm Pilcher, International Baccalaureate Coordinator at Des Moines Brody Middle SchoolAaron Smith, SUCCESS case manager at Des Moines Moulton Extended Learning CenterMark Stallman, Instructional Coach and Assistant Track Coach at Waukee High School  Kelli Stoa, Elementary Music Teacher for Johnston School District Joanne Tubbs, Iowa Board of Educational ExaminersRyan Williamson, Counselor at Des Moines Roosevelt High SchoolThe band is supported by sound man Shawn McFarland."@en .corpus295.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suresh_Kumar> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Suresh Kumar (born February 1955) was appointed the Assistant Commerce Secretary for Trade Promotion and Director-General of the U.S. Foreign Commercial Service by President Barack Obama on February 12, 2010."@en .corpus295.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Denean_Sharpley-Whiting> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tracy Denean Sharpley-Whiting is a feminist scholar and Gertrude Conaway Vanderbilt Distinguished Professor of French in the Department of French and Italian at the Vanderbilt University College of Arts and Science. She is also the Director of African American and Diaspora Studies as well as the W. T. Bandy Center for Baudelaire and Modern French Studies. She is editor of The Speech: Race and Barack Obama's \"A More Perfect Union\", and editor of the academic journal Palimpsest: A Journal on Women, Gender, and the Black International.Michael Eric Dyson has described her as a \"a rising star among black public intellectuals” and “one of the country's most brilliant and prolific racial theorists\". Sharpley-Whiting was named one of the top 100 young leaders of the African American community by The Root, an online magazine founded by scholar Henry Louis Gates Jr. She received the 2006 Horace Mann Medal from Brown University. The award is given annually by the Brown Graduate School to an alumnus or alumna who has made significant contributions in his or her field, inside or outside of academia. Sharpley-Whiting received the PhD in French Studies from Brown in 1994. Her book, Pimps Up, Ho's Down: Hip Hop's Hold on Young Black Women, received the Emily Toth Award for the Best Single Work by One or More Authors in Women’s Issues in Popular and American Culture in a specific year from the Popular Culture Association/American Culture Association. In September 2007, Sharpley-Whiting testified before Congress at the hearing, From Imus to Industry: The Business of Stereotypes and Degrading Images."@en .corpus296.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Jayant_Baliga> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "B. Jayant Baliga is an Indian electrical engineer best known for his work in power semiconductor devices, and particularly invention of the insulated gate bipolar transistor. Scientific American magazine included him among the 'Eight Heroes of the Semiconductor Revolution' when commemorating the 50th anniversary of the invention of the transistor. Baliga grew up in a small village called Jalahalli near Bangalore, India. His father is a former head of Bharat Electronics Limited. He received his B.Tech in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, in 1969, and his MS (1971) and PhD (1974) in Electrical Engineering from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.He worked 15 years at the General Electric Research and Development Center in Schenectady, New York, then joined North Carolina State University in 1988 as a Full Professor. He was promoted to Distinguished University Professor in 1997. His invention insulated gate bipolar transistor that combines sciences from two streams Electronics engineering and Electrical engineering. This has resulted in cost savings of over $15 trillion for consumers, and is forming a basis for smart grid. Baliga then worked in academic field. He also founded three companies that made products based on semiconductor technologies.Baliga is a Member of the National Academy of Engineering (2000) and the European Academy of Sciences (2005), as well as an IEEE Fellow (1983). He received the 1991 IEEE Newell Award, 1993 IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award, 1998 IEEE J J Ebers Award, and 1999 IEEE Lamme Medal, and holds more than 100 U.S. patents. In 2010 he was awarded National Medal of Technology and Innovation, the highest award for an engineer in USA by US President Barack Obama. In 2014, he was awarded the IEEE Medal of Honor, “For the invention, implementation, and commercialization of power semiconductor devices with widespread benefits to society.”"@en .corpus296.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anti-American_sentiment_in_Pakistan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anti-Americanism in Pakistan is one of the strongest in the world. Anti-Americanism has risen  as a result of U.S. military drone attacks in Pakistan introduced by President George W. Bush and continued by President Barack Obama. In the aftermath of the 2010 Pakistan floods, flood victims directed anger at the US for not doing enough to deal with the humanitarian crisis, noting that the US spends $5 billion every month in the war in Afghanistan. These sentiments were further intensified due to the killing of Osama Bin Laden by American forces. Almost 60% of Pakistanis consider the U.S. an enemy. which has increased to 74% in 2012. Anti-Americanism has been provoked mainly as a reaction from those who are critical of American CIA activities in Pakistan, such as the infamous break-out of the Raymond Allen Davis incident and American intrusions from Afghanistan border such as the 2011 NATO attack in Pakistan. It has often confronted expatriate Americans in Pakistan too. According to a 2013 Pew Research Poll shows that 60% of Pakistanis view Americans either very unfavorably or somewhat unfavorably and according to the same poll conducted in 2014, 59% of Pakistans view the United States either very unfavorably or somewhat unfavorably."@en .corpus296.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wech_Baghtu_wedding_party_airstrike> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Wech Baghtu wedding party airstrike refers to the killing of 63 people including 37 Afghan civilians, mostly women and children, and  26 insurgents by a United States military airstrike on November 3, 2008.  The group was celebrating a wedding at a housing complex in the village of Wech Baghtu, a Taliban stronghold in the Shah Wali Kot District of Kandahar province, Afghanistan.The Afghan government accused the Taliban of seeking shelter near the wedding party.  On November 7, 2008, Afghan officials said a joint investigation found that 37 civilians and 26 insurgents were killed in Wech Baghtu.  Wedding parties in Afghanistan are segregated by gender; of the civilians, 23 were children, 10 were women, and 4 were men.  Another 27 persons were injured, including the bride.  The bombing destroyed the housing complex where women and children had gathered to celebrate.On November 5, 2008, Afghan President Hamid Karzai responded by demanding that newly elected US President Barack Obama end civilian deaths, stating \"Our demand is that there will be no civilian casualties in Afghanistan. We cannot win the fight against terrorism with airstrikes — this is my first demand of the new president of the United States — to put an end to civilian casualties.\""@en .corpus296.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oval_Office_Address> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "An Oval Office Address is a speech made from the Oval Office in the White House by the President of the United States. It is sometimes considered the most solemn setting for an address made by the President, often delivered on or during an occasion of national disaster.The first Oval Office Address was delivered to the nation by President Harry S. Truman, who urged Americans to conserve food to aid postwar Europe. President Dwight D. Eisenhower used the format in 1957 to inform the United States of his decision to send troops to Little Rock to enforce school desegregation. Being only the second ever televised address directly from the president's office, Eisenhower had to explain as much to the audience, saying, \"in speaking from the house of Lincoln, of Jackson, of Wilson, my words would better convey both the sadness I feel today in the actions I feel compelled to make, and the firmness with which I intend to pursue this course.\"Some previous addresses include John F. Kennedy's 1962 news of the Cuban Missile Crisis, Jimmy Carter's 1979 \"Malaise\" speech, Ronald Reagan's speech following the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster in 1986, George W. Bush's Address to the Nation on the evening of the 2001 September 11 terrorist attacks and Barack Obama's June 2010 speech addressing the issue of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.There have been suggestions that the traditional Oval Office Address is falling out of favor in the Information Age, with White House aide Daniel Pfeiffer describing it as \"an argument from the 80s\" when President Ronald Reagan would draw tens of millions of viewers per address. Television networks are increasingly reluctant to sacrifice airtime for a political purpose. President Obama prefers to use the East Room, as in his announcement of the death of Osama bin Laden."@en .corpus296.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Freddoso> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Freddoso is an American political conservative commentator, journalist, and author, best known for writing three books critical of the Barack Obama administration as well as for his columns for the National Review Online and the Washington Examiner. The first book, The Case Against Barack Obama, reached the New York Times bestseller list as well as the Amazon.com official Top 20 list. Having worked in politics since 2002, his latest book is Spin Masters: How the Media Ignored the Real News and Helped Re-elect Barack Obama, which he published January 28, 2013. His writings have involved criticism of what he sees as left-liberal media bias in the American journalistic mainstream."@en .corpus296.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harder,_Better,_Faster,_Browner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Harder, Better, Faster, Browner\" is the first episode of the second season of the animated comedy series The Cleveland Show, originally airing on September 26, 2010. The title is a parody of the song \"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger\" by French house duo Daft Punk.This episode is written by Matt Murray and directed by Ian Graham. The episode features a guest performance by Kanye West (who sampled \"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger\" in his song \"Stronger\"). This episode received mostly mixed to positive reviews from critics for its storyline and many cultural references. According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 6.02 million homes in its original airing. The episode featured guest performances by Kanye West and Keke Palmer, along with several recurring guest voice actors for the series.In this episode, Cleveland attempts to get Kenny West's rap career off the ground, while President Barack Obama pays Stoolbend a visit."@en .corpus296.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_Advocacy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Office of Advocacy is part of the Small Business Administration in the U.S. Federal Government.  It aids business and has its head nominated by the president and appointed by the U.S. Senate.  The current head of the agency, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy, is Winslow Sargeant, who was a recess appointment by Barack Obama."@en .corpus296.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winslow_Sargeant> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Winslow Sargeant is Chief Counsel for Advocacy for the Small Business Administration (SBA) and a former venture capital executive with a background in engineering. He was installed at the SBA in a recess appointment by U.S. president Barack Obama. Sargeant was a managing director at a Madison, Wisconsin-based venture capital firm Venture Investors LLC. It \"provides seed and early-stage money to high-potential health care and IT companies\" including Alfalight, TomoTherapy, Third Wave and Promega.At the SBA Sargeant is \"responsible for representing small businesses within the federal government’s law- and rule-making\" and he joined Karen Gordon Mills, a founder and managing director of New York-based Solera Capital, who is SBA director. Sargeant did prior work with the SBA as program manager from 2001 to 2005 for the Small Business Innovations Research program in electronics at the National Science Foundation, and his appointment was seen as an encouraging sign by for venture capital funding. He has been involved in making SBIR loans available to venture capitalists.Sargeant has a PhD in electrical engineering from the University of Wisconsin. He cofounded semiconductor integrated circuit design company Aanetcom in 1997 with seed money from Cisco Systems. The firm was sold to British Columbia's PMC-Sierra in 2000 after a $900 million bid and was later valued at more than 1.2 billion during the dotcom boom, before the bubble burst and struggles with follow on chip products."@en .corpus297.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_L._Lawless> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jennifer L. Lawless serves as the current director of the Women & Politics Institute, as well as an Associate Professor of Government at American University.  She received her Ph.D. from Stanford University in 2003 and her B.A. in from Union College in 1997; both degrees were in political science. Lawless was hired at American University in the fall of 2009. Before this, Lawless was employed at Brown University as an Assistant Professor of Political Science. Lawless currently serves as the editor of Politics & Gender, a political science journal currently housed at the Women & Politics Institute.The central focuses of Lawless’s courses and research are women and politics, campaigns, and elections. Courses she has taught at American University include: \"Women & Politics,\" \"Women & Political Leadership,\" and \"Women, Politics & Public Policy.\" Her research regarding female candidates and election results is published in a number of political science journals, including American Journal of Political Science, Perspectives on Politics, Political Research Quarterly, Legislative Studies Quarterly, The Journal of Politics, Politics & Gender, and Women & Politics. News outlets regularly quote this scholarship, particularly during campaign season. Her commentary has appeared in newspapers such as, the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, USA Today and other local publications. She has also been cited on CNN.com, MSNBC.com, and FOXNews.com and has published on CNN Opinion on CNN.com.Throughout her article “Sexism and Gender Bias in Election 2008: A More Complex Path for Women in Politics”, Lawless chronicles Hillary Rodham-Clinton’s race for presidential nomination in the face of sexism (mostly propagated by the American media) and what this meant for other women throughout their own careers and participation in politics.  Although Lawless recognizes that Rodham-Clinton was an exception to the rule in terms of the backlash she faced during her campaign due to her previous 17 years in politics and her husband’s widely discussed extra-marital affairs, she argued that Rodham-Clinton’s experience during the race “shed light on at least three gender dynamics that affect women in politics”   therefore suggesting that the political terrain is more complex for women than for men.  While the three gender dynamics which emerged from the 2008 election for Democratic Presidential nominee do not represent the full spectrum of obstacles which burden women in the public sphere of politics (as they are mostly based on only one woman’s experiences), they still represent the dimensions of gender and power that men in politics are not required to perform against.  Overall, these dynamics include the fact that Rodham-Clinton was forced to manage her campaign within the confines of a sexist environment, recognition of this environment subsequently made other women in politics question the extent to which they were qualified for public office or were willing to face such biased scrutiny and finally, the fact that by endorsing Barack Obama over Rodham-Clinton, women were expected to justify their response at the risk of being considered a “traitor” to their gender.Furthermore while Lawless states, in many cases “women feel better about government when more women are included in positions of political power”  and are accomplished in terms of fundraising and winning elections, despite these successes, women’s own perceptions of bias against their gender describes another hurdle which aggravates their reluctance to run for office.  This reluctance and questioning of oneself in turn, represents the deeply embedded sexist attitudes which are prevalent throughout politics and provides one explanation for the gender gap which is still experienced and thereby reinforced.  From these dynamics, especially when compared to the long established male-centric atmosphere of high politics, it becomes increasingly obvious that there continues to be sexist and biased standards which women are expected to both measure themselves against and overcome making gender a relevant factor in women’s political participation today.With Richard L. Fox, Lawless is the co-author of two books: It Still Takes A Candidate: Why Women Don't Run for Office (Cambridge University Press, 2010) [1] and It Takes A Candidate: Why Women Don't Run for Office (Cambridge University Press, 2005). She is also the author of Becoming a Candidate:  Political Ambition and the Decision to Run for Office (Cambridge University Press, 2012), and  of a Brookings Institution public policy report which Emerge America, the Women’s Campaign Forum, and other women’s organizations that recruit female political candidates frequently utilize for their own work.In 2006, Lawless ran for the U.S. House of Representatives in the Democratic Primary in Rhode Island's 2nd congressional district.  She did not win the primary and has not run in another election. Through her work at the Women & Politics Institute and her position as a board member of Emerge America she remains active in the political arena."@en .corpus297.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Nigger_Association_of_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Gay Nigger Association of America (GNAA) is an Internet-trolling organization. They have trolled several prominent websites and Internet personalities including Slashdot, Wikipedia, CNN, Barack Obama's campaign website, Alex Jones, and prominent members of the blogosphere. They have also released software products and leaked screenshots and information about upcoming operating systems. In addition, they maintain a software repository and a wiki-based site dedicated to Internet commentary. They are listed as a cyberterrorist organization in TRAC.Members of the GNAA also founded Goatse Security, a grey hat information security group. Members of Goatse Security released information in June 2010 about email addresses on AT&T's website from people who had subscribed to mobile data service using the iPad. After the vulnerability was disclosed, the then-president of the GNAA, weev, and GNAA member \"JacksonBrown\" were arrested."@en .corpus297.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effects_of_the_2008–10_automotive_industry_crisis_on_Canada> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Canadian auto industry is closely linked to the U.S., due to the Automotive Products Trade Agreement and later the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and is in similar trouble.  Canada's 3,500 car dealers, which employ 140,000 people, told the federal and Ontario governments in mid-November they are at risk from the financial crisis; they are asking the national government to help out despite a retarded record year of sales.  Ottawa is considering providing financial aid to the Canadian subsidiaries of the Big Three, and possibly auto parts companies as well. The auto industry argued that loan guarantees and other help would try to save tens of thousands of Canadian jobs threatened by the sudden drop in North American car sales. Chrysler Canada has asked for $1 billion in aid, making it the only Canadian arm of the Big Three to make a specific dollar request.Industry analyst Anthony Faria criticized the labor contracts that Canadian Auto Workers then-president Buzz Hargrove negotiated with the Big Three US automobile manufacturers in 2007, predicting that the subprime mortgage crisis and currency would hit Canadian auto production especially hard. Faria noted that UAW president Ron Gettelfinger agreed to have the UAW's \"all-in\" wage, benefit and pension costs drop from a high of $75.86 per hour in 2007 to an average of about $51 per hour starting in 2010. By comparison, the CAW's cost per hour was $77 in 2007 and will rise to over $80 per hour by the end of the new contract. Faria said that Gettelfinger went into negotiations \"with the right intention...Save jobs. The CAW strategy was to squeeze every dime out of them.\" Hargrove was said to have \"instilled backbone and an attitude that the union could always make the auto makers buckle at the bargaining table\".Current union president Ken Lewenza has argued that labor is not responsible for the bankruptcy crisis facing the Big Three automakers, saying that his members would not make concessions part of any taxpayer-funded bailout. \"We don't see this as us being the problem\", Lewenza said, adding he would \"absolutely not\" accept any further cuts after losing tens of thousands of jobs in recent years. \"We've suffered our share of pain.\" Lawenza argued that the CAW agreed in 2007 to make concessions that will save the Big Three $900 million over three years.A spokesman for the Canadian Taxpayers Federation has criticized the CAW's \"no-concession\" stance, saying that it only serves to strengthen the opposition to a taxpayer-funded bailout for the struggling Detroit Three automakers. The CTF further pointed out that \"It is especially difficult to understand anyone asking for government help that refuses to do anything to help itself to begin with\", since they \"fail to realize they've existed at the substantial largesse of taxpayers for decades\". Kelly McParland, a columnist for the National Post, has suggested that \"if he won't give anything, he and his members are likely to lose everything.\" He also said that the problem facing the North American auto industry was borne equally by management and labor alike, criticizing labor for building up pay and benefits for themselves that was as unsustainable as it was enviable, while attacking management for its short-term strategy of selling gas-guzzling trucks and sales tactics (price cuts, rebates, free gas and cash-back schemes).The CTF has opposed the proposed $3.5 CAD billion bailout for Canadian subsidiaries of the Big Three, saying that it was an unfair financial burden on the average Canadian, as well as another excuse for the Detroit automakers to postpone much needed change. The CTF noted that federal and provincial governments spent $782-million in the past five years on the Big Three, saying \"These have been a bottomless pit of requests for cash\". Lewenza disagreed, saying that the bailout should be seen by Canadians as a loan that will be paid back when the country's economy is prosperous again.On December 20, the government of Canada and the province of Ontario offered $3.3 billion in loans to the auto industry. Under the plan GM will receive $3 billion and Chrysler will receive the rest. Ford only asked for a line of credit but will not be participating in the bailout.The CAW negotiated a cost-cutting deal with General Motors Canada on March 8, 2009. The deal would extend the current contract for an additional year to September 2012, and preserves the current average assembly-worker base pay of about $34 an hour. It would eliminate a $1,700 annual \"special bonus,\" and reduce special paid absences or \"SPA days\" from two weeks to one week a year, while maintaining vacation entitlements which range up to six weeks a year for high-seniority workers. The deal also introduce payments by members toward their health benefits - $30 monthly per family for workers and $15 a month for pensioners. Lewenza said it also would trim by 35 per cent company contributions to union-provided programs such as child care and wellness programs. Lewenza called the package a \"major sacrifice.\" However, observers noted that the deal did not go far enough; DBRS analyst Kam Hon described it as \"not material.\" Automotive industry consultant Dennis DesRosiers said that General Motors had missed the chance to slash labour costs, pointing out that bankruptcy was a looming threat, Ottawa and Queen's Park demanded cuts to the labour bill as a condition of the bailout, and that the deficit to the pension fund would prevent the CAW from striking. He estimated the total hourly cost of a GM Canada worker, including benefits, is $75 to $78, and saying that \"they [GM] got six or seven\" when it should have been cut by $20. DesRosiers also said giving up cost-of-living increases is not significant when inflation is nearly non-existent and added that the 40-hour reduction in paid time off merely means \"five fewer spa days.\" University of Toronto professor Joe D'Cruz calculated that it would save $148 million a year, though GM is seeking $6 billion in Canadian government support. CAW autoworkers with seniority were able to maintain 10 weeks of vacation with full pay, while not contributing to their pension fund, relying instead on taxpayers (including these without pensions) to help make up their unfunded liabilities.The agreement is contingent on Canada being allocated 20% of GM's North American, and getting billions of dollars in federal and provincial taxpayer support, which Lewenza stressed will be loans. However, some suggested that this would not be the final time that automakers would request a bailout. Dennis DesRosiers estimated that GM will go through its government loans in a couple of quarters, long before any recovery in the market. Furthermore, GM Canada president Arturo Elias had admitted to MP Frank Valeriote that GM had pledged all its assets worldwide to the U.S. government in order to secure the first tranche of a US$30-billion loan, leaving no assets to collateralize the $6 billion loan from the Canadian government. The Canadian Taxpayers' Federation noted that between 1982 and 2005, Ottawa handed out over $18.2 billion to corporations, of which only $7.1 billion was repayable, and only $1.3 billion was ever repaid.Chrysler vice-chairman and president Thomas W. LaSorda (himself the son of a CAW official) and Ford's chief of manufacturing Joe Hinrichs said that the GM-CAW deal was insufficient, suggesting that they would break the CAW's negotiating pattern set by GM. LaSorda told the Canadian House of Commons finance committee that he would demand an hourly wage cut of $20, suggested that Chrysler may withdraw from Canada if it fails to achieve more substantial cost savings from the CAW.On March 31, 2009, the Canadian federal and Ontario governments jointly rejected the restructuring plans submitted by GM and Chrysler. This came a day after US President Barack Obama had rejected the plans of their parent companies. Both federal Industry Minister Tony Clement and Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty suggested the CAW's initial deal was insufficient in cutting costs and the union had return to the bargaining table to make further concessions, in order to show that taxpayers' money is justified. As well, Fiat CEO Sergio Marchionne has asked that the CAW's wages be reduced to the levels of non-unionized workers from Honda and Toyota operating in Canada, or else they would walk away from the proposed alliance with Chrysler, resulting in the latter being forced into bankruptcy."@en .corpus297.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Etchberger> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Loy Etchberger (March 5, 1933 – March 11, 1968) was a senior non-commissioned officer in the United States Air Force who posthumously received the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the Battle of Lima Site 85 in the Vietnam War. The medal was formally presented to his three sons by President Barack Obama during a ceremony at the White House on September 21, 2010."@en .corpus297.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Dennis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael J. Dennis (b. Philadelphia, PA) is an African-American filmmaker and film promoter.  A graduate of  both New York University and The American Film Institute, his short films and documentaries have won numerous awards and have screened worldwide.  In 1999, Dennis founded Reelblack, a full-service production company based in Philadelphia, PA.  In addition to producing work-for-hire, it is responsible for Reelblack TV, an entertainment/newsmagazine originally broadcast on PhillyCAM/DUTV. Partnered with YouTube, it has over 5 million views.  Reelblack Presents and Soul Food Cinema are monthly film screenings designed to showcase classic films and work by up-and-coming filmmakers that relate to the Black experience.  Since 2002, Reelblack has screened and/or promoted over 900 films.  As a filmmaker, Dennis specializes in music-related work, having documented the burgeoning Philly Neo-Soul scene in his films Jazzyfatnastees: In Process (2002), A Taste Of Lady Alma (2004), Kindred: In This Life Together (2006) and the upcoming Last Night At The Five Spot (2011).  His documentary feature, Philly Boy: A Movie About M.C. Breeze, made its debut at the first annual H2O Hip Hop Film Festival in 2002.  His narrative short, Next Tuesday, produced for WYBE-TV in Philadelphia (and later aired on BET) is noted for its early soundtrack appearances by John Legend and Jazmine Sullivan.In 2008, Dennis won the fist ever CNN IReport Film Festival's Jury Prize for The 13th Amendment, a short film about his 90 year-old grandmother getting the opportunity to vote for Barack Obama.  It premiered at the 2008 Urbanworld Film Festival and went on to screen at festivals worldwide as well as on BET’s Real Stories and YouTube’s Screening Room, where it racked up 300,000 views in its first three days.  2008 also brought the premiere of the half-hour documentary Ursula Rucker:Poet, which also premiered at Urbanworld.  In February 2010, he was selected as one of 5 “Artists To Watch, by Philadelphia Weekly.  Also that year, an early NYU video project, Who Is Chris Rock? (1989), was posted on YouTube, where it quickly gained notice by The Huffington Post, The Comic’s Comic and New Yorker Magazine blogs."@en .corpus297.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_minimum_tax> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The alternative minimum tax (AMT) is an income tax imposed by the United States federal government on individuals, corporations, estates, and trusts. AMT is imposed at a nearly flat rate on an adjusted amount of taxable income above a certain threshold (also known as exemption). This exemption is substantially higher than the exemption from regular income tax.Regular taxable income is adjusted for certain items computed differently for AMT, such as depreciation and medical expenses. No deduction is allowed for state taxes or miscellaneous itemized deductions in computing AMT income. Taxpayers with incomes above the exemption whose regular Federal income tax is below the amount of AMT must pay the higher AMT amount.A predecessor \"minimum tax\", enacted in 1969, imposed an additional tax on certain tax benefits for certain taxpayers. The present AMT was enacted in 1982 and limits tax benefits from a variety of deductions. On January 2, 2013, President Barack Obama signed the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which indexes to inflation the income thresholds for being subject to the tax."@en .corpus297.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_M._Carvalho> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alberto M. Carvalho is an  educator and the superintendent of Miami-Dade County Public Schools (M-DCPS), the fourth-largest school district in the United States, with over 346,000 students. Carvalho was appointed to superintendency in September 2008, when the district had been facing financial challenges. He was appointed the chairman of a taskforce aimed at improving teaching quality throughout Miami in 2010. Carvalho \"franchised\" MAST Academy, opening three new schools based on the original Virginia Key institution.2014Miami-Dade Superintendent of Schools Alberto Carvalho was honored by President Barack Obama Thursday at a ceremony at the White House.Carvalho, who was named National Superintendent of the Year in February, was honored alongside the National Teacher of the Year and Principal of the Year winners.Candidates for the national title were measured on their leadership for learning, communication, professionalism, and community involvement.Carvalho had also been named Florida’s Superintendent of the Year in December."@en .corpus298.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/André_Birotte_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "André Birotte Jr. (born 1966) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Central District of California and previously served as U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California. On July 22, 2014, the U.S. Senate unanimously confirmed Birotte to serve as a district judge in Los Angeles after being appointed by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus298.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Persily> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Larry Persily is the current \"Federal Coordinator\" (director) of the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation Projects.  The Federal Coordinator is nominated with advice and consent of the Senate by the President of the United States. He was nominated by Barack Obama on December 9, 2009, and was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 10, 2010.Persily criticized his former employer, then-Governor Sarah Palin, as John McCain's choice for vice president.  Until June 2008, he had worked as the Washington, DC liaison for the state government of Alaska.  \"She's not qualified, she doesn't have the judgment, to be next in line to the president of the United States,\" said Persily in August 2008.In December 2009, Democratic Senator Mark Begich recommended Persily for the Obama administration post.Persily was also a \"key aide\" to Alaska house member Mike Hawker."@en .corpus298.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Believe_(R._Kelly_song)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"I Believe\" is an inspirational R&B ballad by American singer R. Kelly. The song initially appeared on the Osmosis Jones soundtrack in 2001 but was later re-written and re-arranged in order to become an anthem for U.S. President Barack Obama's inauguration. The non-album song was released via Amazon.com on December 16, 2008 and appeared later on the compilations Playlist: The Very Best of R. Kelly and Epic."@en .corpus298.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Thee_I_Sing_(book)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Of Thee I Sing: A Letter to My Daughters is a children's book by United States President Barack Obama, with illustrations by Loren Long. It is described by the publisher as \"a moving tribute to thirteen groundbreaking Americans and the ideals that have shaped our nation.\" The stories of thirteen Americans are told in the book: George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King, Neil Armstrong, Sitting Bull, Cesar Chavez, Billie Holiday, Maya Lin, Albert Einstein (who was born in Germany), Georgia O'Keeffe, Jackie Robinson, Helen Keller, and Jane Addams.\"The proceeds from the sale of the book will be donated to a scholarship fund for the children of fallen and disabled US service personnel.Obama finished writing the book in 2008, after he was elected but before taking office."@en .corpus298.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bop_Design> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bop Design is a marketing communications agency based in San Diego, CA with offices also in the New York City metro area. The agency was started in 2007 and currently employs 10 people. In 2010, Bop Design was featured in the San Diego Metropolitan Magazine Daily Business Report  as an emerging agency focusing on San Diego small businesses including law firms, financial advisors, IT services, and real estate agents.In 2010 Cobalt Financial (formerly Windsor Capital), the largest mortgage firm in San Diego, tasked Bop Design with handling loan officer marketing webinars. The series was done in three parts discussing various marketing topics such as unique value proposition, ideal customer profile, web design, web marketing, and social media.Bop Design was also featured in the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce's monthly online newsletter Business Action Online on January 7, 2010 of Volume 4, Issue 1 edition.Bop Design was again featured in the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce's monthly online newsletter Business Action Online on January 6, 2011 of Volume 5, Issue 1 edition.Jeremy Durant, Business Principal of Bop Design, presented to the San Diego Chamber of Commerce Business Alliance Group (BAG) in February 2011. The presentation was titled \"Online PR for the Entrepreneur.\" Topics included social media group discussions and search engine marketing.Jeremy Durant was quoted in Dr. Shannon Reece's March 2011 blog discussing social media ROI. The article was titled \"Does Social Media Pay? - 32 Perspectives on ROI\" In May 2011, Bop Design was selected as an award finalist for the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce's micro business Most Innovative Marketing Campaign/Concept for their web design and marketing strategy for Brain Parade, a company that develops iPad learning applications for autistic children.In June 2011, Bop Design was announced the winner of the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce's micro business Most Innovative Marketing Campaign/Concept for their web design and marketing strategy for Brain Parade, a company that develops iPad learning applications for autistic children.The company was featured in the San Diego Union-Tribune on June 9, 2011.On September 4, 2011, Bop Design and Jeremy Durant were featured in a San Diego Union-Tribune Labor Day weekend article titled, \"At Small Businesses, It's Busy at the Top.\"  The article discussed Durant's expanding responsibilities and Bop Design being on path to triple revenue in 2011.On October 4, 2011, Bop Design revealed the top 5 components for small business website design. The article listed navigation, brand consistency, reading patterns, content & messaging, and trust as the 5 top components. The article was featured in many news publications including Resources for Entrepreneurs.On October 11, 2011, Bop Design analyzed the website design of the top tier presidential candidates. The Bop Design team examined the websites of Barack Obama, Mitt Romney, Herman Cain and Rick Perry. The article was featured on Yahoo! News and also on sites discussing website design.On October 17, 2011, Bop Design offered small businesses lessons the Bop Design team learned from the 2008 Great Recession. The article was featured in the Digital Journal along with various other small business marketing websites.On October 26, 2011, Bop Design discussed the importance of white space in all marketing collateral design. The article was featured in the San Francisco Chronicle along with other business news websites.On November 4, 2011, Bop Design selected the top 5 college football logos and how the lessons can be applied to small business marketing. The advertising agency selected University of Texas as the top college football logo. The article was featured on Yahoo! News."@en .corpus298.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Operating_Base_Sarkari_Karez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Forward Operating Base Sarkari Karez is a foreign military base in Maywand District, Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.The base was initially established, secured and named by the 2nd Battalion, 2nd Infantry \"Ramrods\" in 2008. It was built by the Fort Hood based Bravo Company 62nd Engineer Battalion.After Barack Obama expanded the US presence in Afghanistan several thousand U.S. Army soldiers were stationed at the base.In June 2011, the FOB was renamed Sarkari Karez after 2nd Battalion, 34th Armor Regiment, 1st Brigade, 1st Infantry Division out of Fort Riley, Kansas assumed responsibility."@en .corpus298.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deferred_action> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In United States administrative law, deferred action is an immigration status which the executive branch can grant to illegal immigrants. This does not give them legal status, but can indefinitely delay their deportation. Deferred action is an exercise of the executive branch's enforcement discretion and was first publicly defined in a 1975 administrative guidance document published by the Immigration and Naturalization Service.Major grants of deferred action include: Family Fairness Program, a program launched by President Ronald Reagan in 1987 and expanded in President George H. W. Bush in 1990 which granted deferred action to spouses and children of immigrants granted amnesty under the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, a 2012 program launched by President Barack Obama aimed at unauthorized immigrants who arrived in the United States as children Deferred Action for Parental Accountability, a 2014 Obama administration program for immigrants who have citizen or permanent resident children.↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus299.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Daulaire> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nils Daulaire (born 1948) is an American physician and the former Assistant Secretary for Global Affairs at the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).  Daulaire has been at HHS since 2010, and became Assistant Secretary in December 2012. He also served as the U.S. Representative on the World Health Organization’s (WHO) Executive Board, a post he was nominated to by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus299.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piyush_Goyal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Piyush Goyal is the Hon’ble Minister of State with Independent Charge for Power, Coal and New & Renewable Energy in the Government of India. He is currently a Member of Parliament (Rajya Sabha) and was earlier the National Treasurer of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He headed the BJP's Information Communication Campaign Committee and oversaw the publicity and advertising campaign of the party including the social media outreach for the Indian General Elections 2014.He is the son of Late Shri Ved Prakash Goyal who had served as a Union Minister for shipping in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee cabinet and was also the treasurer of Bhartiya Janta Party for a long time.He has had a strong academic record -  all-India second rank holder Chartered Accountant and second rank holder in Law in Mumbai University. He has participated in Leadership Programs at Yale University (2011), Oxford University (2012) and Princeton University (2013) and is currently pursuing the Owner / President Management (OPM) Program at Harvard Business School. He did his schooling from Don Bosco High School, Matunga.A well-known investment banker, he has advised top corporates on management strategy and growth; also served on the Board of India’s largest commercial bank, State Bank of India and Bank of Baroda.Piyush was a member of the  Standing Committee on Finance and the Consultative Committee for the Ministry of Defence. An active member of the Managing Committee of Indian Merchants Chamber, he is also involved with NGOs in diverse fields such as tribal education and welfare of the physically challenged (Jaipur Foot).During his 28 year long political career, he has served on the National Executive and held several important positions in the BJP. He was also nominated by the Government of India to the Task Force for Interlinking of Rivers. He was the Dy. Campaign In-charge for the Parliament elections in 1991 and played a key role at the central level in all elections since 2004. He was the minister-in-waiting for US President Barack Obama who visited India on 26th January, 2015."@en .corpus299.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_E._Arreaga> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Luis Arreaga was the United States Ambassador to Iceland. He was nominated by President Barack Obama, and assumed his duties at post in September 2010.He previously served as Deputy Chief of Mission at the United States Embassy in Panama, U.S. Consul General in Vancouver, Canada and as director of the Executive Secretariat Staff at the U.S. Department of State in Washington, D.C.  He has also served as Deputy Director of the State Department's Operations Center and Special Assistant to the Under Secretary for Political Affairs.  Other overseas postings include United States Mission to the United Nations in Geneva, the United States Embassy in Spain, and the Agency for International Development in Peru, El Salvador, and Honduras.Luis holds a PhD in Economics and a Master's Degree in Management from the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee."@en .corpus299.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Way> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Better Way\" is a song by singer-songwriter Ben Harper. It is the first track on disc two of his 2006 album Both Sides of the Gun, and was released as the album's first single. A live version of the song appears on Songs for Tibet: The Art of Peace, a compilation album by various artists supporting Tibet. The song also served as a campaign song for Barack Obama during his 2008 presidential campaign."@en .corpus299.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_negotiations_between_Israel_and_the_Palestinians_(2010–11)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian National Authority have been taking place since September 2010 as part of the peace process, between United States President Barack Obama, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas. The ultimate aim of the direct negotiations is reaching an official \"final status settlement\" to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict by implementing a two-state solution, with Israel remaining a Jewish state, and the establishment of a state for the Palestinian people.In early 2010, Benjamin Netanyahu, imposed a ten month moratorium on settlement construction in the West Bank as gesture for the Palestinian Authority, after previously publicly declaring his support for a future Palestinian state, however he insisted that the Palestinians would need to make reciprocal gestures of their own. The Palestinian Authority rejected the gesture as insufficient. Nine month later, direct negotiations between Israel and the PA relaunched, after nearly two years stalemate.In early September, a coalition of 13 Palestinian factions began a campaign of attacks against Israeli civilians, including a series of drive-by shootings and rocket attacks on Israeli towns, in an attempt to derail and torpedo the on-going negotiations.Direct talks broke down in late September 2010 when an Israeli partial moratorium on settlement construction in the West Bank expired and Netanyahu refused to extend the freeze unless the Palestinian Authority recognized Israel as a Jewish State, while the Palestinian leadership refused to continue negotiating unless Israel extended the moratorium. The proposal was rejected by the Palestinian leadership, that stressed that the topic on the Jewishness of the state has nothing to do with the building freeze. The decision of Netanyahu on the freeze was criticized by European countries and the United States."@en .corpus3.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyndi_Lauper> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cynthia Ann Stephanie \"Cyndi\" Lauper (born June 22, 1953) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and LGBT activist. Her career has spanned over 30 years. Her debut solo album She's So Unusual (1983) was the first debut female album to chart four top-five hits on the Billboard Hot 100—\"Girls Just Want to Have Fun\", \"Time After Time\", \"She Bop\", and \"All Through the Night\" earned Lauper the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985. Her success continued with the soundtrack for the motion picture The Goonies and her second record True Colors (1986). This album included the number one hit of the same name and \"Change of Heart\" which peaked at number 3.Since 1989, Lauper has released nine studio albums and participated in many other projects. Her most recent album, Memphis Blues, became Billboard's most successful blues album of the year, remaining at #1 on the Billboard Blues Albums chart for 13 consecutive weeks. In 2013, Lauper won the Tony Award for Best Original Score for the Broadway musical Kinky Boots, making her the first woman in history to win the composing category by herself. She became the first artist in over 25 years to top the dance charts with a Broadway tune. In 2014, Lauper was awarded the Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album for the cast recording.Lauper has established herself as a pop icon winning awards at the Grammy, Emmy, Tony, New York's Outer Critics Circle, MTV VMA, Billboard, and AMA awards. Lauper won the inaugural Best Female Video prize at the 1984 VMAs for Girls Just Wanna Have Fun.  This music video is recognized by MTV, VH1 and Rolling Stone as one of the greatest ever music videos. She is featured in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum's Women Who Rock exhibit. Her debut album is included in Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time, while Time After Time is included in Vh1's list of the 100 Best Songs of the Past 25 years. VH1 has ranked Lauper No. 58 of the 100 Greatest Women of Rock & Roll.  Lauper is also one of only twenty artists to achieve \"GET\" status by winning competitive Grammy, Emmy and Tony awards. To date she has sold over 50 million records and 20 million singles.Lauper has also been celebrated for her humanitarian work, particularly as an advocate for gay and transgender rights in the United States. Her charitable efforts were acknowledged in 2013 when the singer was invited as a special guest to attend President Barack Obama's second-term inaugural."@en .corpus30.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Attorney_for_the_District_of_New_Jersey> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey is the chief federal law enforcement officer in New Jersey. Paul J. Fishman was sworn into office as U.S. Attorney on October 14, 2009 after having been nominated by President Barack Obama. He succeeded Ralph J. Marra, who served as Acting U.S. Attorney after the resignation of Christopher J. Christie in December 2008 to run for Governor of New Jersey.  The U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey has jurisdiction over all cases prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney."@en .corpus30.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Scheuer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael F. Scheuer (born 1952) is a former CIA intelligence officer, American blogger, author, historian, foreign policy critic, and political analyst. He is currently an adjunct professor at Georgetown University's Center for Peace and Security Studies. In his 22-year career, he served as the Chief of the Bin Laden Issue Station (aka \"Alec Station\"), from 1996 to 1999, the Osama bin Laden tracking unit at the Counterterrorist Center. He then worked again as Special Advisor to the Chief of the bin Laden unit from September 2001 to November 2004.Scheuer became a public figure after being outed as the anonymous author of the 2004 book Imperial Hubris, in which he criticized many of the United States' assumptions about Islamist insurgencies and particularly Osama bin Laden. Later in 2004, shortly after the 'outing' of Scheuer's harsh criticism of America's close alliance with Israel, Scheuer resigned from his position at the CIA.  In his book Scheuer  depicted bin Laden as a rational actor who was fighting to weaken the United States by weakening its economy, rather than merely combating and killing Americans.Scheuer challenges the common assumption that terrorism is the threat that the United States is facing in the modern era, arguing rather that Islamist insurgency (and not \"terrorism\") is the core of the conflict between the U.S. and Islamist forces, who in places such as Kashmir, Xinjiang, and Chechnya are \"struggling not just for independence but against institutionalized barbarism.\" Osama bin Laden acknowledged the book in a 2007 statement, suggesting that it revealed \"the reasons for your losing the war against us\".In February 2009, shortly after his pronouncement that America's relationship with Israel was a total foreign policy liability to the United States, Scheuer was terminated from his position as a senior fellow of The Jamestown Foundation.In December 2013 and January 2014, Scheuer was criticized for seeming to advise American citizens to seriously consider assassinating US President Barack Obama.  In September 2014 in addition to earlier \"praise\" received from Al Qaeda, the Da-ish, or self-proclaimed Islamic State, also issued a press release specifically praising Scheuer's ideology."@en .corpus30.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt_V> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Theodore Roosevelt V (born c. 1976) is an American businessman and environmentalist. His parents are investment banker Theodore Roosevelt IV (born 1942) and Constance Lane Rogers. He is the great-great-grandson of Theodore Roosevelt, the 26th President of the United States of America.Until 2008, Roosevelt worked at the investment bank Lehman Brothers; he was a Senior Vice President in fixed income at its successor, Barclays Capital. Roosevelt joined New York based hedge fund Goldentree Asset Management in late 2010 where he currently serves as a Managing Director. Roosevelt is a board member of the New York League of Conservation Voters and is the Vice Chair of ecoAmerica. He was an early supporter of President Barack Obama's environmental policies. At 32, Roosevelt married Serena Clare Torrey on September 12, 2008, just two days before Lehman declared bankruptcy. He graduated from Deerfield Academy and Princeton University with a Bachelor of Arts degree.He has competed in multiple full length Ironman races, including the 2012 US Championship in New York and the 2012 World Championship in Kona, Hawaii."@en .corpus30.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Parker_Lewis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mary Parker Lewis is a political consultant who most famously served as Chief of Staff to Dr. Alan Keyes, candidate for President of the United States in 1996 and 2000.  In addition to running both Keyes presidential campaigns, Lewis also ran the statesman's historic campaign for the U.S. Senate from Illinois against Barack Obama in 2004.Her political works have come under scrutiny due to reports that in 2010, while these Political Action Committees (PACs) took in millions of dollars in donations, they paid out only a very small percentage to the causes they claim they are working to defend. Mary also took considerable compensation packages as well from these PACs.Lewis was born and raised in southern California where she attended Scripps College in Claremont.  She then completed graduate studies at Claremont Graduate School (now Claremont Graduate University) in her home state and at Notre Dame Institute in Virginia.  Early in her career, Lewis served as a staffer with the Free Congress Foundation and the Hoover Institution.  She became special assistant to the U.S. Secretary of Transportation and confidential assistant to William Kristol, Chief of Staff to U.S. Secretary of Education William Bennett.Lewis is also known in conservative activist circles as Executive Director of the Declaration Foundation, grassroots organizations founded by Dr. Alan Keyes to advocate the basic principles and core values of the conservative movement in the United States."@en .corpus300.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerri-Ann_Jones> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kerri-Ann Jones is the current United States Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs at the U.S. State Department. Nominated by President Barack Obama in June 2009, she was sworn in on August 20."@en .corpus300.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_grand_jury> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In the United States, a citizen grand jury is a non-actionable, non-governmental organization that assumes a responsibility upon itself to accuse an individual or groups of individuals of having committed actionable crimes, in a similar aim as that of official grand juries. Such organizations have been organized by those who espouse conspiracy theories regarding certain events or the individuals who are accused by the citizen grand jury, and most citizen grand jury applications to official judiciary systems at the federal, state, or local and municipal level tend to be thrown out for lack of evidence.Modern citizen grand juries were organized in the 2000s to accuse government officials of complicity in the September 11 attacks, and others were organized in the late 2000s and early 2010s regarding the accuracy of President Barack Obama's \"natural birth\" as a U.S. citizen."@en .corpus301.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_Your_Money> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "I Want Your Money is a 2010 American documentary film by filmmaker Ray Griggs. It contrasts Barack Obama to Ronald Reagan."@en .corpus301.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_F._Green> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark F. Green (born 1953) is an American lawyer from Oklahoma who currently serves as the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, having served in that position since September 29, 2010, when he was appointed by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus301.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flexible_path> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The flexible path was a set of destinations for further manned space exploration in the inner Solar System proposed in the Review of United States Human Space Flight Plans Committee of 2009 and was envisioned as alternative to the Moon-first and Mars-first approaches.In 2010 president Barack Obama announced change in the space policy from the Moon-first approach (adopted previously under the Vision for Space Exploration and Constellation program) to a variety of destinations resembling the flexible path approach."@en .corpus301.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Business_Jobs_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (H.R. 5297) is a federal law passed by the 111th United States Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama on September 27, 2010. The law authorizes the creation of the Small Business Lending Fund Program administered by the Treasury Department to make capital investments in eligible institutions, in order to increase the availability of credit for small businesses."@en .corpus302.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice_(musical)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Venice is a musical collaboration between Matt Sax and Eric Rosen. The plot focuses on a dystopian near-future fictional city named Venice. The show opened at the Copaken Stage in Kansas City in 2010 as a co-production between Kansas City Rep and Center Theatre Group. Venice also ran at the Public Theater in New York from May 28 through June 30, 2013. The cast of Venice at The Public includes Uzo Aduba, Jennifer Damiano, Jonathan-David, Claybourne Elder, Leslie Odom, Jr., Victoria Platt, Angela Polk, Matt Sax, and Haaz Sleiman.The Kansas City production received regional and national attention for its unique use of hip-hop and multimedia elements. Time Magazine called it \"the next major American musical\", citing its timely allusions to post-9/11 America and the election of President Barack Obama."@en .corpus303.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_M._Feierstein> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gerald Michael Feierstein was the United States Ambassador to Yemen under President Barack Obama from September 2010 to October 2013."@en .corpus303.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Jim_Crow> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness is a book by Michelle Alexander, a civil rights litigator and legal scholar,  published in 2010 by The New Press. The book deals with race-related and social, political, and legal phenomena in the United States and applies the term 'The New Jim Crow' to the situation of African Americans in the contemporary United States. The name derives from the original Jim Crow laws that prevailed in the states of the former Confederacy of the U.S. through the 1960s. Alexander's book was on the The New York Times Best Seller List for ten consecutive months, and philosopher Cornel West has called it the \"secular bible for a new social movement in early twenty-first-century America.\"In the book Alexander deals primarily with the issue of the current mass levels of incarceration in the United States (with 5% of the world's population, the U.S. incarcerates 25% of the world's prisoners) and what she perceives as societal repression of African-American men and, to a lesser degree, Latino men. She discusses the social consequences of various policies for people of color, as well as for the US population as a whole. According to Alexander, the majority of young black men in large American cities are \"warehoused in prisons,\" their labor no longer needed in the globalized economy.  Alexander maintains that many young black men, once they are labeled as \"felons,\" become trapped in a second-class status that they find difficult to escape. The conventional point of view holds that discrimination has mostly ended with the Civil rights movement reforms of the 1960s. However, Alexander claims the U.S. criminal justice system uses the “War on Drugs” as a primary tool for enforcing traditional, as well as new, modes of discrimination and repression.In an article addressing the status of contemporary African Americans, Alexander said, \"The clock has been turned back on racial progress in America, though scarcely anyone seems to notice. All eyes are fixed on people like Barack Obama and Oprah Winfrey who have defied the odds and achieved great power, wealth and fame\". Alexander sees the masses of ordinary African Americans as being relegated to the status of a \"racial caste,\" even though the official approach to dealing with minorities has been redesigned to avoid explicit use of racial attributes. According to Alexander, forms of \"racial control\" in the United States evolve as required by changing political circumstances and contemporary standards, with the policies of the current criminal justice system replacing Jim Crow laws, which in turn had replaced slavery. Alexander aims to mobilize the civil rights community to move the incarceration issue to the forefront of its agenda and to provide factual information, data, arguments and a point of reference for those interested in pursuing the issue. Her broader goal is the revamping of the prevailing mentality regarding human rights, equality and equal opportunities in America, to prevent future cyclical recurrence of what she sees as \"racial control under changing disguise.\"The New Jim Crow has also inspired considerable debate and criticism: Yale University Clinical Law Professor James Forman Jr. argues that Alexander relies too heavily on her analogy to the original Jim Crow laws and thus overstates her case."@en .corpus303.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Levi> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John G. Levi was nominated to serve on the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation by President Barack Obama on August 6, 2009, and his nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on March 19, 2010. He was elected Chairman of the LSC Board by his fellow Board members on April 7, 2010.Levi, a partner at Sidley Austin, played a pivotal role in Obama’s younger days. The president and wife Michelle Obama met each other for the first time after Levi hired them in 1989 to work at the Chicago law firm.  Newton N. Minow describes his and Levi's role in bringing the two together:  “My daughter Martha called to say that one of her best students, Barack Obama, wanted to spend the summer as a law firm associate in Chicago,” said Minow, referring to his daughter, law professor Martha Minow. “I called our partner John Levi, who heads our recruiting for the firm, and suggested this; John laughed and told me that he had already heard about Barack and had already hired him.” Levi was born in Chicago, Illinois. His father was Edward H. Levi, a former president of the University of Chicago and United States Attorney General under President Gerald R. Ford. He received an undergraduate degree from University of Rochester with honors in 1969.  He received his law degree in 1972 from Harvard Law School, and an LLM from Harvard in 1973. His brother, David F. Levi, is the 14th Dean of Duke Law School. His cousin Daniel Meltzer is a former White House Counsel.   His brother, Michael, is a renowned scientist in both particle physics and cosmology at the Lawrence Berkeley National laboratory in Berkeley."@en .corpus303.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainmaker_(business)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In business, a rainmaker is a person who brings in new business and wins new accounts almost by magic, since it is often not readily apparent how this new business activity is caused. It means generating substantial new business or additional cash flow from sources sometimes outside established business channels, sometimes by connecting with people in non-traditional or hidden markets, and sometimes by prompting current clients to spend more money. A rainmaker is usually a key figure in the business or organization, not merely a salesperson, but a principal or executive who is usually highly regarded within the enterprise.The origin of the business sense of rainmaker may be an allusion to the Native American practice of dancing to encourage deities to bring forth the rain necessary for crops. In summertime during a drought, for instance, the rainmaker would dance and sing songs on the plains, and the activity was believed by others in the tribe to magically cause clouds to come and bring the life-giving rain.  By analogy, a business rainmaker would magically bring new business and clients to a firm or generate more revenue from existing customers and donors, and rain is a metaphor for money. An example was the late advertising agency executive Frederick D. Sulcer who was described as a rainmaker after bringing numerous new accounts to the agency. According to one view, the role of the rainmaker is to find a dormant business problem and then create a vision of what life could be like if that problem were solved.The term rainmaking is also applied to political fund-raising; for example, United States president Barack Obama was described as a rainmaker in his effort to raise money for other politicians."@en .corpus303.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_A._Edmonds> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ronald A. Edmonds is a photojournalist who won the 1981 Pulitzer Prize in spot news photography for his coverage of the assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan's life.Edmonds has photographed every United States President from Richard Nixon through President Barack Obama. His assignments have included covering summits of world leaders, Presidential inaugurations, Space shuttle launches, Super Bowls, Summer and Winter Olympics, political races, and most of the Republican and Democratic National Conventions since 1980. His work has appeared in publications around the world including Time, Newsweek, Paris Match, Stern, Sports Illustrated, Life, and People.He began his first staff photographer job at the Honolulu Star-Bulletin, in Honolulu, Hawaii in 1972.  After five years he was promoted to Chief Photographer and traveled throughout the Pacific including American Samoa, the Hawaiian Islands, Midway Island, and Wake Island, covering assignments that included Emperor Hirohito's visit, Elvis Presley's world-wide televised concert, and the return of POW's from Vietnam through Wake Island.Edmonds joined United Press International in 1978 as Newspicture Bureau Manager in Sacramento, California. His assignments for UPI included the Winter Olympics, NBA playoffs, NCAA basketball finals, and Presidential campaigns including Ronald Reagan's presidential campaign and inauguration in 1980.Edmonds joined the Associated Press in Washington in 1981 and worked there until 2009, when he retired as the AP's Senior White House Photographer. He was one of the early pioneers of the use of digital cameras in news photography, including using an experimental electronic camera to transmit to newspapers around the world the first photos of President George H.W. Bush's inauguration, forty seconds after he put his hand down after being sworn in."@en .corpus303.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azam_Cheema> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Azam Cheema is a Lashkar-e-Taiba operative who masterminded 2008 Mumbai attacks and 11 July 2006 Mumbai train bombings.  In 2010 United States Department of the Treasury announced sanctions against him just prior to Barack Obama's visit to India.  A citizen of Pakistan he was described as intelligence chief of Lashkar-e-Taiba and has been specifically involved in teaching operatives bomb making skills and skills necessary to infiltrate India."@en .corpus303.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate_Democratic_primary_election_in_Pennsylvania,_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Democratic primary for the 2010 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania took place on May 18, 2010, when Congressman Joe Sestak defeated incumbent Arlen Specter, which led to the end of Specter's five-term Senatorial career. Just prior to the start of the primary campaign, after serving in the Senate as a Republican for 29 years, Specter had switched to the Democratic Party in anticipation of a difficult primary challenge by Pat Toomey; Sestak was ultimately defeated by Toomey in the general election. Political observers and journalists described the race between Specter and Sestak as one of the bitterest and most watched of all the 2010 primary elections.Although Sestak was initially urged to run by the Democratic establishment, Specter gained wide support from Democrats after he switched parties. Major political figures like President Barack Obama and Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell later tried to sway Sestak from continuing the race, fearing he would damage Specter's chances in the general election. Former President Bill Clinton offered Sestak a position in the Obama administration if he withdrew his candidacy, an offer Republicans would later criticize. Sestak refused to drop out and criticized Specter's party switch as an opportunistic move aimed solely at self-preservation. Nevertheless, Sestak struggled to overcome problems stemming from low name recognition and Specter's support from such individuals as Joe Biden and Harry Reid, and organizations like the AFL-CIO and Pennsylvania Democratic Committee.Specter led Sestak by more than 20 percentage points for most of the race, but this lead narrowed significantly in the final month of the campaign, when Sestak concentrated his funds and efforts on television commercials questioning Specter's Democratic credentials. Specter grew more critical of Sestak as the race progressed, attacking his House attendance record, accusing him of failing to pay his staffers minimum wage and alleging he was demoted while serving in the U.S. Navy for creating a poor command climate.  Political observers said Sestak's commercials played a major part in his victory, and that a national swing in momentum toward Republicans and against incumbents ultimately harmed Specter's chances."@en .corpus303.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musholla> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A musholla (from the Arabic 'musalla') or surau is an Islamic prayer room found in shopping malls, airports, offices and other sites, as well as standalone buildings.Mushollas are not mosques. They are used to perform Salat, the five-times-daily Islamic prayer, and will typically include facilities for performing wudu prior to praying. Mushollas in large buildings can be spacious, with capacity for 500 people, and some buildings contain more than one musholla, as well as providing separate rooms for male and female visitors, and waiting rooms.Mushollas do not have imam leadership, but some have Rohis (derived from 'Rohani [spiritual] Islam'), who organise koran recital sessions and other religious educational activities.Barack Obama, 44th President of the USA, was noted to have attended the Musholla Al-Rahman near his home in Jakarta as a child."@en .corpus303.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_State_of_the_Union_Address> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2011 State of the Union Address was a speech given by President Barack Obama at 9 p.m. EST on January 25, 2011, in the chamber of the United States House of Representatives. In this joint session Obama outlined his “vision for an America that’s more determined, more competitive, better positioned for the future—an America where we out-innovate, we out-educate, we out-build the rest of the world; where we take responsibility for our deficits; where we reform our government to meet the demands of a new age.”"@en .corpus304.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_D._Nelson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Daniel Nelson is a United States Foreign Service Officer and a career member of the Senior Foreign Service. He served as the United States Ambassador to Uruguay under Barack Obama 2009–2011."@en .corpus304.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shankar_Pamarthy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Pamarthy Shankar is a caricaturist and cartoonist from Hyderabad, India.He won several national and international prizes in caricature contents both nationally and internationally. The uniqueness of his cartoons and caricatures is not in drawing the attention of viewers by nagging or mocking but instead through charm and exaggeration of the subject persons prominent features. His caricatures on prominent people like Barack Obama, Gandhi, Mother Teresa, A. R. Rahman, Sonia Gandhi, Manmohan Singh, Mike Tyson, M. S. Subbulakshmi, Abdul Kalam, Charlie Chaplin, Dalai Lama, Saddam Hussein, Fidel Castro, Luciano Pavarotti, Yasser Arafat, Aung San Suu Kyi etc., received wide  accolades and prominence to him.He is currently working as a political cartoonist in Telugu daily Sakshi in Hyderabad with frequent exhibitions nationally and internationally."@en .corpus304.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_White> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Pamela L. White (born 1948 in Lewiston, Maine) is an American diplomat. In November 2010, White was named United States Ambassador to The Gambia by President Barack Obama. She was the second Maine woman to serve as a United States ambassador, with the first being Margaret Joy Tibbetts. In January 2012, White was appointed United States Ambassador to Haiti."@en .corpus304.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobbying_by_the_administration_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lobbying in the United States is not restricted to commercial or private interests. The executive branch of the government also lobbies Congress, or the legislative branch, to influence the passing of treaties. As an example, in 2010, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton lobbied Congress in an attempt to \"save one of President Obama’s few foreign policy victories: an arms-control treaty with Russia\". Clinton is expected to maintain her role as a lobbyist, due to Republican hesitance to pass any of the treaties proposed by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus305.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Hauser> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rita Eleanor Hauser (born July 12, 1934 in New York) is an international lawyer known for persuading Yasser Arafat and the Palestine Liberation Organization to renounce violence in 1988.  She also served as United States Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights from 1969 to 1972.  George W. Bush appointed her to the President's Intelligence Advisory Board  in 2001, serving through 2004, and she was appointed again by Barack Obama in 2009."@en .corpus305.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statewide_legislative_elections_in_the_United_States,_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2010 statewide legislative elections were held on November 2, 2010, halfway through President Barack Obama's first term in office. Elections were held for 88 legislative chambers, with all states but Louisiana, Mississippi, New Jersey and Virginia holding elections in at least one house. Kansas, New Mexico and South Carolina held elections for their lower, but not upper houses.Republicans scored record gains, gaining at least 680 total seats and taking control of 19 legislative chambers, while the Democrats lost at least 21 chambers.The winners of this election cycle will serve in their respective legislatures for either a 2 or 4 year term, depending on state election rules."@en .corpus305.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campaign_rhetoric_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The campaign rhetoric of Barack Obama is the rhetoric in the campaign speeches given by President of the United States, Barack Obama, between February 10, 2007 and November 5, 2008 for the 2008 presidential campaign.  Obama became the 44th president after George W. Bush with running mate Joe Biden.  In his campaign rhetoric, Obama used three main devices: motifs, American exceptionalism, and voicing."@en .corpus305.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Kwan_Chinn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Betty Kwan Chinn (關惠群) is a philanthropist who lives in Eureka, California. She has helped the homeless—including the mentally ill, disabled veterans, runaways, and drug abusers—for the past 20 years.  She won the 2008 Minerva Award.  She used the $25,000 grant as seed money and worked with the Society of Saint Vincent de Paul to establish the homeless a bathroom and kitchen. U.S. President Barack Obama awarded her and 12 others the Presidential Citizens Medal on August 4, 2010 at the White House.The Betty Kwan Chinn Day Center opened November 16, 2013 offering a variety of services for the poor and homeless."@en .corpus305.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anindo_Chatterjee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anindo Chatterjee is an Indian tabla player from Farukhabad gharana.He was born in a musical family. His uncle Pt. Debiprasad Chatterjee is an eminent sitar player of this country. His younger sister Smt. Keka Mukherjee is a leading sitar player of AIR and also well known for her solo performance.  He is a disciple of Pt. Jnan Prakash Ghosh. Gifted with an ability to summon crystal-clear melodies from his drums, Anindo Chatterjee evolved into one of the world's greatest tabla players. The director of the Farrukhabad Gharana of Tabla, founded by Haji Vilayat Khan Saheb, Chatterjee continues to give new voice to his instrument. In addition to solo performances and recordings, Chatterjee worked with sitar players Nikhil Banerjee, Imrat Khan, Budhaditya Mukherjee, and  Rais Khan,Pt.Ravisankar,Ustad Sahid Parvej Pt.Manilal Nag, sarod players Buddhadev Das Gupta and Ali Akbar Khan,Ustad Amjad Ali Khan,Tejendra Narayan Majumder, flutist Hariprasad Chaurasia; santoor player Pandit Shivkumar Sharma; and vocalists Pandit Mallikarjun Mansur and Gangubai Hangal. Inspired by his uncle, Pandit Biswanath Chatterjee, Chatterjee began playing tabla at the age of five. Studying briefly with Ustad Afaq Hussain Khan of the Lucknow Gharana, he advanced to Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh, with whom he studied for three decades. The recipient of the prestigious President's Award in 1970, Chatterjee became the first table player to perform in the House of Commons 20 years later. He performed at Rashtrapati Bhavan when U.S. President Barack Obama visited India in November 2010. Chatterjee received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2002."@en .corpus305.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Hands_Initiative> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Open Hands Initiative is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization founded in 2009 by Jay T. Snyder. Open Hands is dedicated to \"improving people-to-people understanding and international friendship through exchanges and other projects that focus on our basic shared values and common humanity.\" Mr. Snyder established the organization after hearing President Barack Obama's 2009 speech in Cairo, which talked of America's willingness to extend an open hand to the Muslim world."@en .corpus305.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Montessori_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter H. Clark Montessori Junior High and High School, usually referred to as Clark Montessori, is a junior and senior high school in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.The school has around 700 students as of August 2009. Its location was in the Hyde Park–area woods, on the former estate of Ohio Governor Myers Y. Cooper (1929–1931), with trails in its \"backyard\". Recently completed in these woods is a small, ancient-Greek–style amphitheatre. However the school has been located in its temporary home in Winton Terrace since the 2007/2008 school year. Clark has moved back into its permanent home on Erie Avenue, for the 2011/2012 school year.Clark is a part of the Cincinnati Public Schools. Founded in 1994 as a seventh-grade extension of existing district Montessori elementary schools, Clark expanded with its first class to become a full junior and senior high school by the 1999–2000 school year, making it the first public Montessori high school in the United States.Despite having no entrance exam, 99.5% of Clark seniors have graduated and 96.5% of graduates attended post-secondary education. Additionally, Clark is racially and socio-economically diverse—30-51% of students are in their family’s first generation to attend college, and 33% receive free/reduced lunch.Each student must complete over 200 community service hours in order to receive a Clark diploma. These hours may be completed with any government recognized non-profit organization and previous stewardship projects include working with the Ohio State School for the Blind and Habitat for Humanity.Four years of core classes at the honors level are required. Each student also must complete a 30-40 page thesis during their senior year. This project, known as the senior project, allows students to develop time-management skills, research a topic of choice with a qualified mentor, and utilize a university library. Many seniors take advantage of Saturday morning and after school help sessions hosted by senior team teachers in order to complete their senior project and stay caught up in other classes. All of the core teachers at Clark are expected to host at least one \"help night\" a week where struggling students can get one to one attention and improve their understanding of the subject. In the four years of high school, students participate in eight extensive, academically rigorous two week (ten day) field studies referred to as intersessions. All freshman must complete an introduction to high school intersession in the fall of their ninth grade year, while all sophomores complete community service, juniors look at post secondary options, and seniors go on job internships. In the spring all students choice an intersession. Choices for the spring intersession include: Appalachian trail, travels to Morocco, Spain, Costa Rica, and the Philippines, community service with Habitat for Humanity, Cincinnati History, film production, life on a farm, improvements to school's environment, and meditation. Each year the spring intersession options change and financial aid is offered. Students and families, carefully guided through the college process, also receive individual support with the financial aid process. There is a college mentor for each the junior and senior class, of about one hundred students.Overall, student-led education unites parents, students, and teachers into an extraordinary support system. We learn, achieve, and thrive together.The school has been given a rating of \"effective\" by Cincinnati Public Schools, but has been given many higher honors by education magazines and was in the top three school selected in Barack Obama's 2010 Race to the Top."@en .corpus306.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_Kaplan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Janice Kaplan is an American novelist, magazine editor, and television producer. As Editor-in-Chief of Parade magazine (2007-2010), the Sunday newspaper supplement with a circulation of 32 million, she was responsible for many important articles, including two cover stories by President Barack Obama. His first piece, “A Letter To My Daughters,” ran two days before his inauguration and became the basis for his book Of Thee I Sing: A Letter to My Daughters. She also published articles by Madeleine K. Albright, Senator John McCain, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, and Senator Jim Webb. She wrote cover stories for the magazine on celebrities including Barbra Streisand, Clint Eastwood, Matt Damon and Daniel Craig."@en .corpus306.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Obama_Identity> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Obama Identity: A Novel (Or Is It?) is a 2010 novel written by Edward Klein and former Republican United States Representative John LeBoutillier. Among other things, the book explores and promotes the Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories and Barack Obama religion conspiracy theories in the form of a novel. In an interview on Fox & Friends, Leboutillier claimed that the book uses \"real things\" and has \"so much real stuff\". Following the interview, Media Matters for America published excerpts from the book in an article which criticized the book as having an \"incomprehensible plot\"."@en .corpus306.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_people_pardoned_by_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of people pardoned by President Barack Obama.  As granted by the Constitution, \"executive clemency may take several forms, including pardon, commutation of sentence, remission of fine or restitution, and reprieve.\"Definitions:A pardon is an executive order granting clemency for a past conviction, the sentence of which has already been completed. Its practical effect is the restoration of civil rights and statutory disabilities (ie; firearm rights, occupational licensing) associated with a past criminal conviction.A commutation is the mitigation of the sentence of someone currently serving a sentence for a crime pursuant to a conviction, without vacating the conviction itself.↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1"@en .corpus306.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Kidney_in_Town> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"New Kidney in Town\" is the eighth episode of the ninth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy. It originally aired on Fox in the United States on January 9, 2011. The episode follows Peter, after he drinks kerosene, causing him to suffer from immediate kidney failure. In need of a replacement kidney, Peter is unable to locate a match, until it is discovered that his anthropomorphic dog Brian is a match, but would require the donation of both his kidneys. Meanwhile, Chris is instructed by his English teacher to write an essay about hope, in preparation of United States President Barack Obama's appearance at their school. Unable to write anything inspiring, he decides to pick his sister Meg's brain and use her ideas.The episode was written by Matt Harrigan and Dave Willis, and directed by Pete Michels. It received mostly positive reviews from critics for its storyline and many cultural references. According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 9.29 million homes in its original airing. The episode featured guest performances by Yvette Nicole Brown, Drew Carey, Gary Cole, Christine Lakin and Rachael MacFarlane, along with several recurring guest voice actors for the series. \"New Kidney in Town\" was one of five episodes submitted for consideration for an Emmy Award in the \"Outstanding Comedy Series\" category in 2011."@en .corpus306.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_presidential_trips_made_by_Barack_Obama_during_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of presidential trips made by Barack Obama during 2009, the first year of his presidency as the 44th President of the United States. Following his inauguration on January 20, 2009, Obama traveled to 22 different states internationally, in addition to many more trips made domestically within the United States.This list excludes trips made within Washington, D.C., the U.S. federal capital in which the White House, the official residence and principal workplace of the President, is located. Additionally excluded are trips to Camp David, the country residence of the President, and to the private home of the Obama family in Kenwood, Chicago."@en .corpus306.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_presidential_trips_made_by_Barack_Obama_during_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of presidential trips made by Barack Obama during 2010, the second year of his presidency as the 44th President of the United States. During 2010, Obama traveled to eight different states internationally, in addition to many more trips made domestically within the United States.This list excludes trips made within Washington, D.C., the U.S. federal capital in which the White House, the official residence and principal workplace of the President, is located. Additionally excluded are trips to Camp David, the country residence of the President, and to the private home of the Obama family in Kenwood, Chicago."@en .corpus307.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Governors> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Council of Governors is a United States council of state and federal officials that was established to \"advise the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the White House Homeland Security Council on matters related to the National Guard and civil support missions\" and to \"strengthen further the partnership between the Federal Government and State Governments to protect [the United States] against all types of hazards\". The Council is tasked to review \"such matters as involving the National Guard of the various States; homeland defense; civil support; synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States; and other matters of mutual interest pertaining to National Guard, homeland defense, and civil support activities.\"The Council was authorized and required by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008, enacted by the 110th Congress and signed by President George W. Bush on January 28, 2008. It was officially established by Executive Order 13528, issued by President Barack Obama on January 11, 2010."@en .corpus307.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tax_Relief,_Unemployment_Insurance_Reauthorization,_and_Job_Creation_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 (Pub.L. 111–312, H.R. 4853, 124 Stat. 3296, enacted December 17, 2010, also known as the 2010 Tax Relief Act), was passed by the United States Congress on December 16, 2010 and signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 17, 2010.The Act centers on a temporary, two-year reprieve from the sunset provisions of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 (EGTRRA) and the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 (JGTRRA), together known as the \"Bush tax cuts.\"  Income taxes would have returned to Clinton administration-era rates in 2011 had Congress not passed this law.  The Act also extends some provisions from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA or 'the Stimulus'). The act also includes several other tax- and economy-related measures intended to have a new stimulatory effect, mostly notably an extension of unemployment benefits and a one-year reduction in the FICA payroll tax, as part of a compromise agreement between Obama and Congressional Republicans.  The overall monetary impact of the measure has been placed at $858 billion.The law was also known, during its earlier formulation in the House of Representatives, as the Middle Class Tax Relief Act of 2010. The package has been referred to as the \"Obama-GOP tax deal\" as well the \"Obama tax cuts\"."@en .corpus307.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Ask,_Don't_Tell_Repeal_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repeal Act of 2010 (H.R. 2965, S. 4023) is a landmark United States federal statute enacted in December 2010 that established a process for ending the Don't ask, don't tell (DADT) policy (10 U.S.C. § 654), thus allowing gays, lesbians, and bisexuals to serve openly in the United States Armed Forces. It ended the policy in place since 1993 that allowed them to serve only if they kept their sexual orientation secret and the military did not learn of their sexual orientation.The Act established a process for ending the \"Don't ask, don't tell\" policy. According to the Congressional Research Service, the Act:Provided for repeal of the current Department of Defense (DOD) policy concerning homosexuality in the Armed Forces, to be effective 60 days after the Secretary of Defense has received DOD's comprehensive review on the implementation of such repeal, and the President, Secretary, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) certify to the congressional defense committees that they have considered the report and proposed plan of action, that DOD has prepared the necessary policies and regulations to exercise the discretion provided by such repeal, and that implementation of such policies and regulations is consistent with the standards of military readiness and effectiveness, unit cohesion, and military recruiting and retention.The Act did not ban discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in the military, as provided for in the proposed Military Readiness Enhancement Act.President Barack Obama, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen provided the certification required by the Act to Congress on July 22, 2011. Implementation of repeal was completed 60 days later, so that DADT was no longer policy as of September 20, 2011."@en .corpus307.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicare_and_Medicaid_Extenders_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Medicare and Medicaid Extenders Act of 2010 is a federal law of the United States, enacted in 2010.  The law was first introduced into the House as H.R. 4994 on April 13, 2010 by Rep. John Lewis (D-GA) with 20 cosponsors. It was then referred to the House Committee on Ways and Means and the House Committee on the Budget.The bill was signed by President Barack Obama on December 15, 2010 after passing in Congress."@en .corpus307.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley_Rand> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ripley Eagles Rand (born c. 1970) is a North Carolina attorney and jurist who was confirmed in late 2010 as the United States Attorney for the Middle District of North Carolina. President Barack Obama nominated him to the post on July 28, 2010.Rand, the son of former state Senator Tony Rand, is a former state prosecutor and former state superior court judge (2002–2010).Rand earned both a B.A. and a Juris doctor from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He co-wrote a children's book entitled I Want to Go to UNC!"@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Overhaul_Base> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Kansas City Overhaul Base is a 1,700,000-square-foot (160,000 m2) manufacturing and maintenance plant adjacent to Kansas City International Airport.The plant at its peak in the 1960s and 1970s employed more than 6,000 people who worked on repairing the entire fleet of Trans World Airlines (and other airlines under contract) and it was Kansas City's biggest employer.  Since TWA's successor American Airlines began downsizing in preparation for a total abandonment effective September 2010, three companies moved their headquarters and plants into the complex (Smith Electric Vehicles (US), Jet Midwest and Nordic Windpower).  Frontier Airlines leased two narrow-body hangars.The plant along with the airport opened in 1957 at a cost of $25 million and was marked an attempt to keep TWA in Kansas City following the Great Flood of 1951 which had destroyed TWA's facilities at Fairfax Airport close to the Missouri River.  TWA's plant had been in the former North American Aviation B-25 Mitchell bomber plant at Fairfax.  TWA labeled the building MCIE (after the airport's original name of Mid-Continent International Airport).  The airline also moved its large overhaul operations at the New Castle County Airport in Delaware to Kansas City.In 1973, when the airport was greatly renovated to replace Kansas City Downtown Airport as the city's main airport, TWA also added its distinctive sloped wide-body hangars.When American Airlines acquired financially bankrupt TWA in 2001, TWA had 2,600 employees at the base.In 2008, American moved about 500 of its remaining 1,000 employees to Tulsa, Oklahoma and American formally cut the ties in September 2010.  Barack Obama visited the Smith Electric part of the plant to tout the $32 million in stimulus funding granted to Smith to locate to the structure.Kansas City says that 1 million feet have been leased.In 2009, Kansas City broke ground on the KCI Intermodal Center, Kansas City SmartPort foreign trade zone on 800 acres across Runway 9/27 directly south of the plant being developed by Trammell Crow Company."@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claims_Resolution_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Claims Resolution Act of 2010 Pub.L. 111–291, H.R. 4783 is a federal law enacted by the 111th Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 8, 2010.  The act is a response to the Pigford v. Glickman case, where black farmers were found to have been discriminated against from 1983 to 1997 by the United States Department of Agriculture when applying for loans and assistants to start and maintain farms.  The case required a $50,000 dollar settlement to every discriminated farmer.  However, many potential victims missed the application deadline for a settlement.  The bill sets aside $1.5 billion for the estimated 75,000 farmers who are eligible for a settlement. They found the farmers to have many uses for the money such as buying tanks and many illegal weapons.The bill also includes the settlement of the $3.4 billion Cobell v. Salazar trust fund lawsuit brought forth by Native American representatives against the United States government citing that the U.S. government incorrectly accounted for Indian trust assets.The final version of the bill was passed by the US Senate by a unanimous voice vote on November 19, 2010, and then approved by the US House of Representatives by a vote of 256 to 152 on November 30.  It was signed into law by President Obama on December 8, 2010."@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plantation_Estate> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Plantation Estate is a single-story wood frame 5,000-square-foot (460 m2) Pacific Ocean-front house at 55 Kailuana Place in Kailua, Honolulu County, Hawaii that Barack Obama rented to be used as a Winter White House during Christmas break vacations in 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011.The house is less than a mile south of the Marine Corps Base Hawaii.  Obama works out at the Semper Fit Center at the base and attends dinners there during his visits.  He also swims in the ocean at the base at Pyramid Rock."@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthy,_Hunger-Free_Kids_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (Pub.L. 111–296) is a federal statute signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 13, 2010.  The bill is part of the reauthorization of funding for child nutrition (see the original Child Nutrition Act). The bill funds child nutrition programs and free lunch programs in schools for the next 5 years.  In addition, the bill sets new nutrition standards for schools, and allocates $4.5 billion for their implementation.  The new nutrition standards have been a point initiative of First Lady Michelle Obama in her fight against childhood obesity as part of her Let's Move! initiative. In FY 2011, federal spending totaled $10.1 billion for the National School Lunch Program.According to the US Department of Agriculture, for the 2012-13 school year, 21.5 million USA children received a free lunch or reduced-price lunch at school. Across the America, the school lunch program varies by state."@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Times_Person_of_the_Year> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The British business newspaper Financial Times each year nominated a \"Person of the Year\" to the person the newspaper has considered has demonstrated considerable influence in a given year.Past Persons of the Year include: 2014 - Tim Cook (CEO, Apple Inc) 2013 - Jack Ma (Founder, Alibaba Group) 2012 - Mario Draghi (President, European Central Bank) 2011 - Arab Youth (Arab Spring) 2010 - Steve Jobs (CEO, Apple Inc) 2009 - Lloyd Blankfein (CEO, Goldman Sachs) 2008 - Barack Obama (US President Elect) 2007 - Jean-Claude Trichet (President, European Central Bank) 2006 - Lakshmi Mittal (CEO, ArcelorMittal) 2005 - Sergey Brin and Larry Page (co-founders of Google) 2003 - Jeffrey Immelt (CEO General Electric) 2002 - J. Craig Venter (genomics scientist) 1980 - Lech Wałęsa (Leader of the Polish Solidarity movement) 1975 - Helmut Schmidt↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_Green_Soccer_Bowl> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2011 Green Soccer Bowl (reported by some media outlets as the Obama Cup) was a proposed association football tournament. Previously, the competition had been scheduled to take place in 2010 but the event was cancelled.The competition's matches were reportedly to be played at Ford Field, Detroit and Cotton Bowl, Dallas. The two venues are approximately 1,000 miles apart. It had previously been reported that games would be hosted at Pizza Hut Park (erroneously reported as PHP Stadium).Nigeria Football Federation's media officer Ademola Olajire stated that the competition will be held in honour of U.S. President Barack Obama. The tournament was organised by the U.S. Presidents’ Day Celebration Soccer Invitational Tournament Foundation chaired by former Nigerian international soccer player Pius Oleh, who participated in Nigeria's unsuccessful qualifying campaign for the 1990 World Cup.Nigerian newspapers have also suggested that Malaysia and Bahrain would participate in the tournament whilst the competition's official tournament say that Lebanon and Mexico would participate.As of July 24, 2010 the groups have been set as:On February 18, 2011 it was announced the United States Soccer Federation had finally accredited the tournament. However due to withdrawals from the paucity of gaining entry visas, the field was reduced to only four teams: Nigeria, Mexico's Under 23 team, Panama, and Costa Rica.Group A23x15px Nigeria23x15px Mexico U-2323x15px Panama23x15px Costa RicaOn the eve of the matches, the tournament was cancelled after various organizational problems left every team but Nigeria to withdraw."@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate_election_in_New_York,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States Senate election in New York took place on November 6, 2012, concurrently with the U.S. presidential election as well as other elections to the United States Senate and House of Representatives as well as various state and local elections. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand won re-election to her first full term. Gillibrand was opposed in the general election by Wendy E. Long (who ran on the Republican and Conservative Party lines) and by three minor party candidates. Gillibrand was re-elected with 72% of the vote, by a margin of 45.2%, the highest margin for any statewide candidate in New York. Gillibrand performed 9 points better than President Barack Obama did in the presidential race in New York. Gillibrand carried 60 out of 62 counties statewide. There was one debate held between Senator Gillibrand and Ms Long in October 2012 where they debated various issues such as the economy, abortion rights, the national deficit, foreign policy and jobs."@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Donahoe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eileen Chamberlain Donahoe is a former affiliate at Stanford University's Center for International Security and Cooperation. In November 2009, she was appointed by President Barack Obama as the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva, Switzerland. (She was the first ambassador following the referent UN body changing from the predecessor United Nations Commission on Human Rights.) After serving her term as ambassador, Donahoe was appointed as Director of Global Affairs for Human Rights Watch.  In 2014, she was also appointed to the board of International Service for Human Rights."@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_the_presidency_of_Barack_Obama_(2011)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a timeline of the Presidency of Barack Obama, from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2011. For his time as President-elect, see the Presidential transition of Barack Obama; for a detailed account of his first months in office, see First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency; for a complete itinerary of his travels, see List of presidential trips made by Barack Obama."@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Blinken> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Antony John 'Tony' Blinken (born April 16, 1962) is the United States Deputy Secretary of State and the former Deputy National Security Adviser for President Barack Obama.  He had served as a Senior Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, Democratic Staff Director of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations (from 2002 to 2008), and a member of the Obama-Biden Presidential Transition team (from November 2008 to January 2009), among other positions.From 2009 to 2013 Blinken served as Deputy Assistant to the President and National Security Advisor to the Vice President. From 2002 to 2008 he served as the Democratic Staff Director for the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee. From 2001 to 2002 Blinken was a Senior Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. During the Clinton Administration, Blinken served in the State Department and in senior positions on the National Security Council Staff.On November 7, 2014, President Obama announced that he would nominate Blinken for the Deputy Secretary post, replacing the retiring William Joseph Burns.  On December 16, 2014 Blinken was confirmed as Deputy Secretary of State by the Senate by a vote of 55 to 38."@en .corpus308.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Monde_Person_of_the_Year> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In 2009 the French newspaper Le Monde initiated a Person of the Year designation for the man or woman of that year who had affected the world most significantly, either positively or negatively.  To date only two men have been selected, who have been referred to Man of Year for their respective years (2009 and 2010). 2009: President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, President of Brazil.  Lula \"knew exactly how to be a democratic figure and fight against poverty\", and was described as \"a referent to emerging countries and also to the developing world\".  Other candidates included  US President Barack Obama, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. 2010: Julian Assange, Australian editor of Wikileaks.↑ ↑"@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_D._Thompson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kenneth D. \"Kenny\" Thompson Jr., former aide to Barack Obama and Joe Biden, now serves as Director of External Relations at PepsiCo.He was born October 31, 1980, son of Kenneth and Alisha Thompson. A native of Pflugerville, Texas, Thompson graduated from Texas Christian University (TCU), where he was a member of the university's baseball team and majored in political science.Thompson joined Obama for America in 2007 as part of the campaign's advance team. He went on to serve as a Special Assistant and Advance Lead at the White House during the first two years of the Barack Obama Administration. He then served as Senior Advisor and Executive Assistant for United States Trade Representative Ron Kirk. Prior to leaving the Administration in July 2013 for PepsiCo, he was Vice President Joe Biden's Director of Message Events in the Office of the Vice President.At the April 2013 White House celebration of Memphis soul music, President Obama publicly congratulations Thompson and Jessica Wright, another longtime Obama aide, on their engagement. The President called Thompson and Wright \"crucial members of my team [...] they are wonderful, they've been loyal, shown such great friendship to me.\"Thompson was featured in Vice President Biden's cameo on an episode of the NBC sitcom \"Parks and Recreation\" that aired on November 15, 2012."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Council_for_Community_Solutions> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The White House Council for Community Solutions was created by executive order of US President Barack Obama on December 14, 2010. Under the terms of the order, the Council will be dissolved within two years unless its establishment is affirmed by the president at that time.Its mission as stated in the White House release is to \"...support the nationwide \"Call To Service\" campaign authorized in the Serve America Act (Public Law 111 13).\" Its 30 members will serve two-year appointments."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Iowa,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Iowa took place on November 6, 2012, as part of the 2012 general election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Iowa voters chose six electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.On election day, Barack Obama won Iowa with 51.99% of the vote to Mitt Romney's 46.18%, a Democratic victory margin of 5.81%. The result being closer than 2008, Romney picked up wins in several counties that Obama had won in 2008, although one county flipped in the opposite direction, with Obama narrowly winning Woodbury County in 2012 after narrowly losing it in 2008."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Title_51_of_the_United_States_Code> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Title 51 of the United States Code (51 U.S.C.), entitled National and Commercial Space Programs, is the compilation of the general laws regarding space programs. It was promulgated by U.S. President Barack Obama on December 18, 2010 when he signed PL 111-314 (H.R. 3237) into law."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Ondra> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stephen L. Ondra, MD is the Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Health Care Service Corporation(HCSC).  HCSC is the parent company of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, Texas, Oklahoma New Mexico, and Montana.  It is the fourth largest health insurer in the nation and is the nation’s largest not for profit mutual health insurer.  In his role, Dr. Ondra is responsible for the strategy and oversight of medical policies, medical management, pharmacy, quality improvement and performance measurement programs. He also serves as a key national spokesperson for the company and health policy advocate for policyholders.Before joining HCSC in April 2013, Dr. Ondra was Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Northwestern Memorial Hospital.He also served as the interim Chair for the Department of Neurological Surgery at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. He continues to be an adjunct Professor of Neurological Surgery at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. Prior to returning to Northwestern, Dr. Ondra was a member of President Barack Obama’s Administration.  He was appointed as Senior Health Policy Advisor for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on May 10, 2009.   In 2010, he was assigned to the Executive Office of the President, where he served until February 2012.  At the White House, Dr. Ondra served in the Office of Science and Technology Policy, as the health information technology co-Chair of the National Science and Technology Council.  At the White House, Dr. Ondra also served on the Implementation Deputies Group for the Affordable Care Act.Prior to his appointment to the Administration by President Obama, Dr. Ondra was a Professor of Neurological Surgery at Northwestern University, and he chaired the Medical Device and Technology Committee at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. Dr. Ondra has also worked with the Department of Defense as the Chairman of the Defense Spinal Cord Board and Spinal Column Injury Program, and the Defense Spine Blast Injury Program.  In partnership with other faculty at Northwestern, he pioneered new surgical procedures and the use of available motion analysis technology to assess treatment of spinal surgery patients.Dr. Ondra began his post-secondary education at the U.S. Military Academy, but he was injured in a training accident. Dr. Ondra graduated from Illinois Wesleyan University. Recovering from injuries, he re-entered military service in the Army and completed his doctorate at Rush Medical College. During his residency at Walter Reed Army Medical Center, he specialized in spine surgery and reconstruction in both neurosurgery and orthopedics.Dr. Ondra is a veteran of the of Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield, and he was awarded a Bronze Star Medal and the Army Commendation Medal for extraordinary service and heroism as a military doctor.  Dr. Ondra served on the Veterans Affairs group in the Obama-Biden Presidential Transition Team; he provided advice to the Obama-Biden Campaign on Health Policy and Veteran’s Policy."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_Tucson_shooting> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On January 8, 2011, U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords and eighteen others were shot during a constituent meeting held in a supermarket parking lot in Casas Adobes, Arizona, in the Tucson metropolitan area. Six people died, including federal District Court Chief Judge John Roll; Gabe Zimmerman, one of Rep. Giffords' staffers; and a nine-year-old girl, Christina-Taylor Green. Giffords was holding the meeting, called \"Congress on Your Corner\" in the parking lot of a Safeway store when Jared Lee Loughner drew a pistol and shot her in the head before proceeding to fire on other people. One additional person was injured in the immediate aftermath of the shooting. News reports identified the target of the attack as Giffords, a Democrat representing Arizona's 8th congressional district. She was shot through the head at point-blank range, and her medical condition was initially described as \"critical\".Loughner, a 22-year-old Tucson man who was fixated on Giffords, was arrested at the scene. Federal prosecutors filed five charges against him, including the attempted assassination of a member of Congress and the assassination of a federal judge. Loughner had been arrested (but not convicted) once on a minor drug charge and had been suspended by his college for disruptive behavior. Court filings include notes handwritten by Loughner indicating he planned to assassinate Giffords. The motive for the shooting remains unclear; Loughner did not cooperate with authorities, invoking his right to remain silent. He was held without bail and indicted on 49 counts. In January 2012, Loughner was found by a federal judge to be incompetent to stand trial based on two medical evaluations, which diagnosed him with paranoid schizophrenia. Judged still incompetent to stand trial on May 25, finally on August 7, Loughner had a hearing at which he was judged competent. He pleaded guilty to 19 counts, and in November 2012 was sentenced to life in prison.Following the shooting, American and international politicians expressed grief and condemnations. Attention focused on the harsh political rhetoric in the United States. Some commentators blamed members of the political right wing for the shooting; in particular, Sarah Palin was implicated because of gun-related metaphors in her speeches and because of the website of her political action committee which \"targeted\" the districts of Giffords and others with pictures of crosshairs on an electoral map. Others defended Palin by noting that Loughner hated all politicians regardless of their affiliation. Gun control advocates pushed for increased restrictions on the sale of firearms and ammunition, specifically high-capacity ammunition magazines. President Barack Obama led a nationally televised memorial service on January 12, and other memorials took place."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_life_of_Clint_Eastwood> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "American actor and director Clint Eastwood has long shown an interest in politics. He won election as the nonpartisan mayor of Carmel-by-the-Sea, California in April 1986 and in 2001, Governor Gray Davis appointed the Oscar-winner to the California State Park and Recreation Commission. Eastwood endorsed Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential election and delivered a controversial prime time address at the 2012 Republican National Convention, where he spoke to an empty chair that he pretended was occupied by Barack Obama."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_elections,_November_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The California state elections was held on Election Day, November 6, 2012. On the ballot were eleven propositions, various parties' nominees for the United States presidency, the Class I Senator to the United States Senate, all of California's seats to the House of Representatives, all of the seats of the State Assembly, and all odd-numbered seats of the State Senate.This was the first general election with California's newly implemented nonpartisan blanket primary in effect, pursuant to Proposition 14, which passed with 53% voter approval in June 2010. Additionally, in November 2010, voters approved Proposition 20, which authorized a California Citizens Redistricting Commission to re-draw congressional district lines, in addition to its current job of drawing state senate district lines and state assembly district lines, taking away that job from the California state legislature. This was the first general election whose winners represent districts drawn by the Citizens Redistricting Commission.After the election, California's congressional delegation gained four new Democrats, including the first gay Asian-American elected to Congress. Dianne Feinstein won her re-election bid for the U.S. Senate, and the Democrats gained a 2/3 supermajority in both of the state's legislative chambers. California voters also voted to re-elect incumbent President Barack Obama, giving him the state's fifty-five electoral votes. Among the propositions on the ballot, voters chose to increases taxes in order to fund education and other state programs, voted to keep the death penalty and the power of labor unions to use payroll deduction to fund political campaigns, and opted to reform the state's three-strikes law."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifth_Constitutional_Convention_of_the_U.S._Virgin_Islands> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Fifth Constitutional Convention of the U.S. Virgin Islands proposed a constitution for the United States Virgin Islands in May 2009.The Virgin Islands government is organized under the provisions of the Revised Organic Act of 1954 and the Treaty of the Danish West Indies of 1916. On 21 October 1976 Congress passed Pub.L. 94–584 (subsequently amended by Pub. L. 96-597, title V, Sec. 501, Dec. 24, 1980) authorizing the people of the United States Virgin Islands to organize a government pursuant to a constitution, which would be automatically approved if Congress did not act within 60 days.  Constitutional conventions were elected, but did not adopt a constitution, in 1964, 1971, 1977, and 1980. An Act was passed by the 25th Legislature of the Virgin Islands calling for a fifth constitutional convention, and 30 delegates to the convention were elected in the 2007 United States Virgin Islands Constitutional Convention election.The convention passed a proposed constitution in May 2009, and President of the Fifth Constitutional Convention Gerard Luz James submitted it to Virgin Islands Governor John P. de Jongh on June 1, 2009. According to James, the proposed constitution would not affect the Virgin Islands' status as a Non-Self-Governing Territory as determined by the United Nations, but would only organize existing internal governance arrangements.After initially declining to forward the proposal to the \"administering power\", the President of the United States, de Jongh sent the draft to President Barack Obama in December 2009. The proposed constitution was submitted by the President to the United States Congress on March 1, 2010. According to Pub.L. 94–584, Congress could approve, amend, or modify the constitution by joint resolution, or the constitution would be automatically approved if Congress did not act within 60 days. Instead, Congress passed Pub.L. 111–194 (124 Stat. 1309) which provided that Congress would send the Constitution back to the convention and urge the convention to reconvene.The objections of de Jongh, the U.S. Department of Justice, and the U.S. Congress included the failure of the proposed constitution to expressly recognize United States sovereignty; its granting of legal advantages to people of local ancestry or birth; and imprecise wording of parts of the bill of rights.On 11 September 2012 Governor de Jongh signed Act No. 7386 convening the Fifth Revision Convention. It was to convene within the month of October 2012 and was to be composed of the 30 delegates of the Fifth Constitutional Convention and a legal team.  It convened but failed to make a decision by the October 31 deadline."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/10th_!f_Istanbul_AFM_International_Independent_Film_Festival> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 10th !f Istanbul AFM International Independent Film Festival was a film festival held in Istanbul, Turkey, from February 17 to 27, 2011, and in Ankara, Turkey from March 2 to 6, 2011. 85 films were screened in 17 different categories at Beyoğlu AFM Fitaş, Caddebostan AFM Budak, AFM İstinye Park, and  Cinebonus Maçka G-Mall in Istanbul. Chilean director Alejandro Jodorowsky was in attendance as guest of honour at the festival, which included the first ever Turkish theatrical screening of his Santa Sangre (1989). British director Chris Morris was also in attendance to present his debut feature Four Lions (2009).This edition of the AFM International Independent Film Festival, which opened on February 16 with a gala screening of Womb directed by Benedek Fliegauf, held its opening party, featuring a live set by Jim Stanton, at The Hall club in Beyoğlu on February 18.The Sundance Institute hosted nine film screenings, a screenwriting panel, a panel on Sundance Lab and an interactive case study on how the full circle of the Institute works, featuring American screenwriters Bill Wheeler and Wesley Strick, Israeli director Etgar Keret and several of the institute's directors at this edition of the festival as part of the Film Forward program initiated under the incentive of U.S. President Barack Obama.Other features of the festival included two performances of director Sam Green's live cinema Utopia in 4 Movements supported by the U.S. State Department, a one-off showing of Hamo Beknazarian's Zare (1926) with live accompaniment by Kurdish harpist Tara Jaff, and the !f 2: Istanbul Live project, initiated last year in cooperation with MUBI, simultaneously screened five festival films in 25 cities across the region."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_presidential_trips_made_by_Barack_Obama_during_2011> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of presidential trips made by Barack Obama during 2011, the third year of his presidency as the 44th President of the United States.This list excludes trips made within Washington, D.C., the U.S. federal capital in which the White House, the official residence and principal workplace of the President, is located. Additionally excluded are trips to Camp David, the country residence of the President, and to the private home of the Obama family in Kenwood, Chicago, Illinois."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bipartisan_Policy_Center> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Bipartisan Policy Center (BPC) is a non-profit organization that \"drives principled solutions through rigorous analysis, reasoned negotiation, and respectful dialogue\". It considers itself a think tank characterized by \"politically balanced policy making with strong, proactive advocacy and outreach\". The Center was founded in 2007 by former Senate Majority Leaders Howard Baker, Tom Daschle, Bob Dole, and George J. Mitchell.BPC currently has projects focused on economic policy, energy, health care and nutrition, housing, national security, and transportation. Actively promoting bipartisanship, BPC hosts events like \"Bridge-Builder Breakfasts\", political summits, and policy discussions to foster an ongoing conversation about how to overcome political divides.Jason Grumet serves as president of BPC. Prior to helping found the organization in 2007, Grumet directed the National Commission on Energy Policy (NCEP). He was also an adviser on energy and the environment for the successful 2008 presidential campaign of then Senator Barack Obama."@en .corpus309.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Gray_III> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gordon Gray III is a United States Foreign Service Officer and career member of the Senior Foreign Service with the rank of Minister-Counselor. He joined the faculty of the National War College in July 2012 and holds the positions of Deputy Commandant and International Affairs Advisor. He was the U.S. Ambassador to Tunisia, having been sworn in on August 20, 2009 after his appointment to the position by President Barack Obama, and serving until July 5, 2012."@en .corpus31.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Chicago> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The history of Chicago, Illinois, has played a central role in American economic, social, cultural and political history and since the 1850s has been the dominant Midwest metropolis.  The area's recorded history begins with the arrival of French explorers, missionaries and fur traders in the late 17th century and their interaction with the local Potawatomi Indians. There were small settlements and a U.S. Army fort, but the soldiers and settlers were all driven off in 1812. The modern city was founded in 1833 by Yankee businessmen and grew rapidly from real estate speculation and the realization that it had a commanding position in the emerging inland transportation network, based on lake traffic and railroads, controlling access from the Great Lakes into the Mississippi River basin. Despite a fire in 1871 that destroyed the central business district, the city grew exponentially, becoming the nation's rail center and a the dominant Midwestern center for manufacturing, commerce, finance, higher education, religion, broadcasting, sports, jazz, and high culture. The city was a magnet for European immigrants—at first Germans, Irish and Scandinavians, then in the 1890s to 1914, Jews, Poles and Italians. They were all absorbed in the city's powerful ward-based political machines. Many joined militant labor unions, and Chicago became notorious for its violent strikes, and high wages. The Blacks migrated from the South in large numbers starting in the World War I era.  Mexicans started arriving after 1910, and Puerto Ricans after 1945. The Cook County suburbs grew rapidly after 1945, but the Democratic party machine kept both the city and suburbs under control, especially under mayor Richard J. Daley, who was chairman of the Cook County Democratic Party.  Deindustrialization after 1970 closed the stockyards and most of the steel mills and factories, but the city retained its role as a financial and transportation hub. Increasingly it emphasized its service roles in medicine, higher education and tourism.  The city formed the political base for national leaders of the Democratic Party, especially Stephen A. Douglas in the 1850s, Adlai Stevenson in the 1950s, and Barack Obama in recent years."@en .corpus31.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Timmons-Goodson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Patricia 'Pat' Timmons-Goodson (born 18 September 1954) is an American judge who served as an associate justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court. In 2014, President Barack Obama appointed her to the United States Commission on Civil Rights.Born in Florence, South Carolina, Timmons-Goodson, the daughter of a U.S. Army officer, was raised on military bases in the United States and Europe. She attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, earning an undergraduate degree in speech in 1976 and a law degree in 1979. In 2014, she received a Master of Judicial Studies degree from the Duke University Law School.She worked as a prosecutor and as a private attorney in Fayetteville until she was named a District Court judge in 1984; Timmons-Goodson was subsequently elected as a Democrat to four-year terms as a district judge in 1986, 1990, and 1994. In 1997, she was appointed by Gov. Jim Hunt to the North Carolina Court of Appeals. She retired from that court in late 2005.On January 19, 2006, North Carolina Governor Mike Easley appointed Judge Timmons-Goodson to the North Carolina Supreme Court to take the place of Associate Justice Sarah Parker.  Upon taking her seat in February 2006, she was the first African American woman to serve on the Court.  She was elected by the voters to remain on the Court in November 2006, defeating Judge Eric Levinson. Timmons-Goodson made it known in November 2012 that she would resign her seat before the end of the year. Court of Appeals Judge Cheri Beasley was appointed to fill her seat.Justice Timmons-Goodson is married and has two sons.She delivered the commencement address for Johnson C. Smith University on May 6, 2007."@en .corpus31.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Bush's_second_term_as_President_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "George W. Bush's second term as President of the United States began at noon on January 20, 2005 and expired with the swearing-in of the 44th President Barack Obama at noon, on January 20, 2009."@en .corpus310.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_Tucson_memorial_speech> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "President of the United States Barack Obama delivered a speech at the Together We Thrive: Tucson and America memorial on January 12, 2011, held in the McKale Center on the University of Arizona campus.It honored the victims of the 2011 Tucson shooting and included themes of healing and national unity. Watched by more than 30 million Americans, it drew widespread praise from politicians and commentators across the political spectrum and from abroad."@en .corpus310.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wifredo_A._Ferrer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wifredo A. \"Willy\" Ferrer (born 1966 in Hialeah, Florida) is the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida. He was nominated on February 24, 2010 by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the Senate on April 22, 2010. He was sworn in on July 16, 2010 in Miami, Florida. As United States Attorney, he is the chief federal law enforcement officer for the District."@en .corpus310.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Warlick,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Warlick (born 1956) is a former United States Ambassador to Bulgaria.James Warlick a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, was announced for nomination by President Barack Obama on October 1, 2009 and confirmed on December 29, 2009 by the United States Senate, and sworn in on January 25, 2010, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Bulgaria.As of September 2013, he is the U.S. Co-Chair of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) Minsk Group."@en .corpus310.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Inaugural_Medals> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Presidential Inaugural Medals have a long history in the United States.  The tradition can be traced back to first president, George Washington, and continues on today with President Barack Obama."@en .corpus310.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/O:_A_Presidential_Novel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "O: A Presidential Novel is a fiction book by an anonymous author (speculated to be John McCain's 2008 senior campaign advisor, Mark Salter) about the 2012 U.S. presidential race. It was released on January 25, 2011. The marketing strategy for the book has been compared to the 1996 roman à clef, Primary Colors: A Novel of Politics, which was also initially ascribed to an anonymous author. Its stated objective is to \"offer some resonant truths about what President Obama is really thinking\".As part of its pre-publication publicity, Simon & Schuster sent an e-mail to numerous writers and journalists asking them to decline to comment if they are asked whether they are the anonymous author.  The publisher has said that the author \"has been in the room with Barack Obama\", prompting speculation on whether he or she is a political reporter, an administration insider, or a Democratic Party strategist. The New York Times remarked, however, that \"much of what passes for inside knowledge in these pages would be known to anyone who’s read a bunch of campaign accounts\".Shortly after the book was published, Mark Halperin of Time reported that his sources had confirmed the author is McCain aide Mark Salter."@en .corpus310.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Roche> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert W. Roche is the co-founder and a Board Member of Acorn International Inc, a media and branding direct sales company based in Shanghai, China. He is also the co-founder and Chairman of the Board of Oak Lawn Marketing, Inc., a Japan-based company that engages in the TV home shopping business. Roche is a founding member of the American Business Community of Nagoya. He is also the first governor from Chubu of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan. He was the Chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai in 2010 and served as the Vice Chairman for 2011. Roche currently also serves on the board of Redhorse Automotive. In March 2012 he was named to the board of rVue Holdings.In September 2010, Roche was appointed by President Barack Obama as a member of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations. On January 18, 2011, he attended a U.S. State dinner which included President Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, President of China Hu Jintao, and Chinese Actor Jackie Chan.Roche received his bachelor's degree in Economics and Japanese Studies from Illinois State University in 1985 and a J.D. degree from the University of Denver in 1988.In 2010, he made a joint gift with the Roche Family Foundation of $3 million to the University of Denver Sturm College of Law to establish the Roche Family International Business Transactions Program.In 2013, Cachet Hotel Group was founded with Robert Roche and Alex Mirza. It was created with the focus on building new distinctive hotel brands"@en .corpus310.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ike_Skelton_National_Defense_Authorization_Act_for_Fiscal_Year_2011> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (H.R. 6523, Pub.L. 111–383), is a law in the United States signed by President Barack Obama on January 7, 2011. As a bill it was originally H.R.5136 in the 111th Congress and later co-sponsored by Representative Ike Skelton as H.R. 6523 and renamed. The overall purpose of the law is to authorize funding for the defense of the United States and its interests abroad, for military construction, and for national security-related energy programs."@en .corpus310.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Gund> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Agnes Gund (born 1938), is an American philanthropist, art patron and collector, and advocate for arts education. She is founding trustee of the Agnes Gund Foundation and President Emerita of the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) and Chairman of its International Council. She is also Chairman of MoMA PS1. In 2011, Gund was nominated by President Barack Obama as a member of the Board of Trustees of the National Council on the Arts."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "You've Got is a daily web series from AOL. The series premiered on AOL.com and AOL Video (video.aol.com) on November 1, 2010. It is now found on the AOL On Network (on.aol.com). The show has been described as an \"open mic\" for the web, presenting interesting personalities to the world, similar to Saturday Night Live's iconic hosted opening segments. The first person featured on the show was Kelly Ripa., followed by President Barack Obama. Other notable guests have included Ellen DeGeneres, Matt Damon, Elmo, Larry King, Will Ferrell, Joan Rivers and Kevin Bacon. The show's name is derived from the iconic welcome message from AOL Mail, \"You've Got Mail.\" New episodes air every morning on AOL.com and AOL On.AOL has revealed that You've Got generated 8 million views in its first month, putting it on pace with a top 10 web series."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago-style_politics> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chicago-style politics is a political meme used in the rhetoric of conservative United States Republican politicians and commentators during the presidential campaigns and presidency of Barack Obama to attempt to elicit an association between Obama and aspects of political corruption, including bribery, patronage, nepotism, and authoritarianism, in the political history of Chicago,  Obama's home town."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Work_Pay_tax_credit> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Making Work Pay Tax Credit was a tax credit allowed by the Internal Revenue Service of the United States. It was authorized in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.The credit was given at a rate of 6.2 percent of earned income up to a maximum of $400 for individuals or $800 for married taxpayers. Making Work Pay could be claimed by single filers making between $8,100 per year and $95,000 per year. Joint filers in the range of $8,100 and $190,000 could claim it annually. Typically employers reduced withholding to provide an increase in take-home pay without any effort required from taxpayers. If the taxpayer had multiple jobs or was self-employed, they needed to adjust withholding. However, if the worker had multiple jobs or was unemployed, they had the option to receive the credit via lump sum (all $400 to $800 at once) after tax day. The key thought behind the Making Work Pay tax credit was to stimulate consumer spending. In fact, the credit was the key policy in President Barack Obama's stimulus package in 2009. Because Making Work Pay contributed to higher take home pay by reducing withholding, it was assumed that the recipients would spend the majority, if not all, of the credit. A group of economists have pointed to the positive impacts that the credit could have on the economy. They wish to have Making Work Pay extended, because of the fact that consumer spending is such a huge part of the economy.The credit expired at the end of Tax Year 2010; it was only in effect for tax years 2009 and 2010."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Terrorism_Advisory_System> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Terrorism Advisory System (NTAS) is a two-level terrorism threat advisory scale used by the United States Department of Homeland Security since April 26, 2011. The system was announced on January 27, 2011 by Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano during a speech at George Washington University. Her official announcement followed reports of the NTAS that had surfaced the day before. The NTAS is the replacement for the often-criticized, color-coded Homeland Security Advisory System introduced by the George W. Bush administration in 2002. Napolitano said the color-coded system often presented \"little practical information\" to the public, and that the NTAS will provide alerts \"specific to the threat\" with \"a specified end date.\"When introducing the National Terrorism Advisory System, Napolitano said, \"Today I announce the end of the old system of color-coded alerts. In its place, we will implement a new system that's built on a clear and simple premise: When a threat develops that could impact you—the public—we will tell you. We will provide whatever information we can so you know how to protect yourselves, your families, and your communities.\" Her speech at George Washington University was timed to complement US President Barack Obama's 2011 State of the Union Address, which occurred two days earlier.As of 28 December 2014, the NTAS has never issued an alert."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Brown_(California_politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chris Brown is an American politician and entrepreneur in the State of California. On November 5, 2013, Brown became the youngest Mayor of the  City of Hawthorne and the first African American Mayor in the city's 91 year history. Brown defeated incumbent Daniel \"Danny\" Juarez and Jose Gutierrez, winning 39.48 percent to 30.93 percent to 29.60 percent, respectively.In March 2014, Brown, in conjunction with Police Chief Bob Fager and the HPOA (Hawthorne Police Officer Association), developed and adopted an action strategy to address fiscal and diversity concerns within the  City of Hawthorne and its police force through Lateral Recruitment.On May 6, 2014, Mayor Brown introduced an ordinance to increase the minimum hourly wage to a \"living wage\" for workers hired by  City of Hawthorne contract services providers, following the stall of the Federal \"Living Wage\" increase proposed by President Barack Obama stalled in Congress. The National Conference of State Legislatures, notes this year 34 states have considered and are moving forward with legislation to impose higher minimum wages.On August 17, 2014, via his twitter account,  Brown proposed establishing a mandate on all uniformed city officers to wear cameras while on duty. “I am simply not willing to gamble with a single life, or the wrongful accusation of upstanding officers,” Brown noted. He also announced the comeback of the historic Hawthorne Mall, on November 18, 2014. In an interview with ABC 7 News, Hawthorne City Planning Director Gregg McClain noted, \"There is going to be everything from high-end to the standard outlet stores, so it is going to be very attractive and it is going to be the only outlet for quite a distance. The city has invested millions into increasing curb appeal of Hawthorne Blvd. to invite businesses that will provide much needed jobs. The mall is estimated to increase city's yearly revenue by nearly 15%, between $6 to $8 million a year."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Rathod> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nicholas Rathod was U.S. President Barack Obama's Special Assistant and Deputy Director for Intergovernmental Affairs in the Office of the President.Immediately prior to his White House appointment, Rathod served as Director for Intergovernmental Affairs for the Obama/Biden Transition team.  As such, he represented, and spoke on behalf of the President-elect, at the inauguration of Governor of Puerto Rico  Luis Fortuño, who although a Republican, heads a bipartisan administration that includes two notable Democrats, Resident Commissioner Pedro Pierluisi and Kenneth McClintock, who was appointed by Fortuño as Secretary of State, and first in the line of succession.A DC-based community organizer, he has been active in co-founding two organizations, South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT), and, during the 2008 presidential campaign, South Asians for Obama (SAFO).  He has also served as the Political Director for former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer and as Senior Manager of State and Regional Relations at the Center for American Progress, founded by President Bill Clinton's Chief of Staff, John Podesta.An Indian-American civil rights attorney, Rathod obtained his bachelor's degree at Nebraska Wesleyan University."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collar_counties> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The collar counties are the five counties of Illinois that border on Chicago's Cook County.  The collar counties (DuPage, Kane, Lake, McHenry, and Will) are tied to Chicago economically, but like many other suburban areas in the United States, they have very different political leanings from the core city. Chicago has long been a Democratic stronghold, but the collar counties are known for being historically Republican strongholds.While the demographics of these suburban Chicago counties are fairly typical for American metropolitan areas, the term is apparently unique to this area. Also, because Chicago is so firmly entrenched in the Democratic column, and rural Downstate is so overwhelmingly Republican, the collar counties are routinely cited as being the key to any statewide election. However, that conventional wisdom was challenged by the fact that in 2010 Democrat Pat Quinn became governor while winning only Cook, St. Clair, Jackson and Alexander counties. All five collar counties went Republican, so the key to winning that gubernatorial election was simply winning Cook County, but by a wide enough margin to overwhelm the rest of the state.While the term is perhaps most often employed in political discussions, that is not its exclusive use.  Barack Obama used the term in his speech before the Democratic National Convention in 2004."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Randolph_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bruce Randolph School is a public school in Denver, Colorado for grades six through twelve.  Its turnaround in student graduation rates between 2006 and 2010 was praised by U.S. President Barack Obama during his 2011 State of the Union Address.  Part of Denver Public Schools, Bruce Randolph began to operate autonomously in 2007 in a bid to turn around its dismal graduation rates, which was successful.  As part as the changes, each teacher had to reapply for their job, after which only six of forty remained."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_my_paygrade> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The expression above my paygrade is used to indicate someone does not know, and that someone more senior is the one to ask. It can mean either that the speaker does not consider themselves competent to answer the question, is not high enough in the organization to answer it, is not authorized to answer it, or just is not paid enough to deal with the problem. It is also used as a way to avoid answering a question, by claiming that it's too important a decision and so someone higher should be asked instead. United States President Barack Obama used the phrase when American pastor Rick Warren asked him his view on abortion and at what point a baby should get human rights.Another similar phrase is \"Don't ask me, I'm too low on the totem pole\"."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Allen_Davis_incident> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Raymond Allen Davis is a former United States Army soldier, private security firm employee, and contractor with the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). On January 27, 2011, Davis killed two reportedly armed men in Lahore, Pakistan. Although the U.S. government contended that he was protected by diplomatic immunity because of his employment with the U.S. Consulate in Lahore, Davis was jailed and criminally charged by Pakistani authorities with double murder and the illegal possession of a firearm. A car coming to aid Davis killed a third Pakistani man in a \"hit and run\" while speeding on the wrong side of the road. On March 16, 2011, Davis was released after the families of the two killed men were paid $2.4 million in diyya (a form of monetary compensation or blood money). Judges then acquitted him on all charges and Davis immediately departed Pakistan.The incident led to a diplomatic furor and deterioration in Pakistan–United States relations. A major focus of the incident was the U.S.'s assertion that Davis was protected under the principle of diplomatic immunity due to his role as an \"administrative and technical official\" attached to the Lahore consulate. The U.S. government claimed that Davis was protected under the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and demanded he be released from custody immediately. President Barack Obama asked Pakistan not to prosecute Davis and recognize him as a diplomat, stating, \"There's a broader principle at stake that I think we have to uphold.\" The Pakistani officials disputed the claim of immunity from a murder charge, asserting that Davis was involved in clandestine operations, and questioned the scope of his activities in Pakistan. The Pakistani Foreign Office stated that \"this matter is sub judice in a court of law and the legal process should be respected.\" Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi stated that, according to official records and experts in the Foreign Office, Davis was \"not a diplomat and cannot be given blanket diplomatic immunity\"; Qureshi's stand on the issue allegedly led to him losing the Foreign Affairs ministerial post.The incident led to widespread protests in Pakistan demanding action against Davis.Almost a month after the incident, U.S. officials revealed Davis was a contractor for the CIA after it was reported in The Guardian. According to The Telegraph, he was acting CIA Station Chief in Pakistan.An unnamed official with the Pakistani intelligence agency Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) stated that Davis had contacts in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas along the Afghanistan border and knew both the men he shot. He said the ISI is investigating the possibility that the encounter on the streets of Lahore stemmed from a meeting or from threats to Davis. Some media outlets have suggested, according to anonymous sources, that data retrieved from Davis's phones and GPS device had been to Islamabad, Lahore, Peshawar and some tribal areas of the country, areas that have been the subject of U.S. drone attacks. These attacks were interrupted for several weeks after Davis's arrest before resuming on March 18, 2011, in an attack at Datta Khel."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA_Authorization_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The NASA Authorization Act of 2010 is a U.S. law which authorizes NASA appropriations for fiscal years 2011–2013 with the same top-line budget values as requested by President of the United States Barack Obama. The law supports an overall growth in science, aeronautics, and space technology and defines a long-term goal for human spaceflight to expand a permanent human presence beyond low Earth orbit. Key objectives of this goal include full utilization of the International Space Station (ISS), determining the ability of humans to live in outer space for extended periods of time, maximizing the role of space exploration and space technology in current and future missions, advancing knowledge and inspiring young people into higher education, and building upon international partnerships.The act was signed into law by President Obama on October 11, 2010. A total of $58 billion in funding is called for, spread across three years."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Stability_Oversight_Council> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) is a United States federal government organization, established by Title I of the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama on July 21, 2010.  The Dodd-Frank Act provides the Council with broad authorities to identify and monitor excessive risks to the U.S. financial system arising from the distress or failure of large, interconnected bank holding companies or non-bank financial companies, or from risks that could arise outside the financial system; to eliminate expectations that any American financial firm is \"too big to fail\"; and to respond to emerging threats to U.S. financial stability.  The Act also designates the Secretary of the Treasury as Chairperson. Inherent to the FSOC's role as a consultative council is facilitation of communication among financial regulators. The FSOC has the authority to set aside certain financial regulations published by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau if those rules would threaten financial stability."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mama_Ayesha's_Restaurant_Presidential_Mural> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Mama Ayesha's Restaurant Presidential Mural is a large mural featuring eleven American presidents starting with Dwight D. Eisenhower and ending with Barack Obama. Created by El Salvador-born artist Karla Rodas (aka Karlisima), the mural was funded by the D.C. Commission on the Arts and Humanities. It has been described by locals as being DC's \"largest postcard.\""@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Bernstein> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Todd Bernstein is the founder and director of the annual Greater Philadelphia Martin Luther King Day of Service, the oldest and largest King Day of Service event in the United States. In 1994, Bernstein helped to create the King Day of Service with Pennsylvania U.S. Senator Harris Wofford and Atlanta Congressman John Lewis, both veterans of the civil rights movement with Dr. King. Bernstein is also president of Global Citizen, a non-profit organization founded in 1995, which promotes sustainable civic engagement through volunteer service, locally and globally.In 1996, Bernstein started the nation’s first King Day of Service in Philadelphia. The Greater Philadelphia King Day of Service has drawn more than one million volunteers over nineteen years.  Each year, it has been the largest King Holiday event in the nation. This past January, more than 125,000 people volunteered in some 1,700 projects in the 19th annual event. In 2012, Vice President Joe Biden and Dr. Jill Biden participated. What started in Philadelphia has become a national movement, with projects taking root in hundreds of cities, large and small, across the nation. Bernstein also founded MLK365, which transforms the King Day of Service into a year-round civic engagement initiative. This program promotes and supports sustainable civic engagement by providing ongoing volunteer opportunities, educational programs, and community partnerships across the Greater Philadelphia region Bernstein was named by President Barack Obama as a \"Champion of Change\" and honored at the White House on January 12, 2012. In 2000, the Points of Light Foundation recognized Bernstein with its national Point of Light Award  In 1999, the Points of Light Foundation honored the Greater Philadelphia King Day of Service as a national Point of Light.In 1997, Bernstein served as national planner for the Presidents' Summit for America's Future.  The five-day summit brought together America's living presidents and community leaders to address civic engagement and opportunities for America’s at-risk young citizens. The event led to the creation of America’s Promise: the Alliance for Youth.Three years later, in 2000, Bernstein served as director of the National Shadow Convention (a bi-partisan event held concurrently with the Republican and Democratic national conventions).  He went on to serve as director of the King Day of Service National Expansion Initiative from 2006–2008.In 2013, he was honored by the Bipartisan Policy Center in Washington, D.C. with the inaugural Public Service Award. In 2012, the Philadelphia Association of Black Journalists recognized him with the organization's Community Service Award.  In 2009, Bernstein was awarded the Jewish Social Policy Action Network Social Justice Award and the National Association of Blacks in Criminal Justice Legacy Award. The Philadelphia Inquirer has also honored Bernstein with its Citizen Hero Award. In 2003, the Philadelphia Inquirer honored Bernstein with its Citizen Hero Award.Bernstein holds a B.A. in Politics and American History from Ithaca College, and also studied for an M.G.A. at the University of Pennsylvania's Fels Center of Government."@en .corpus311.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Kanter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Martha J. Kanter is the Under Secretary of Education. She was appointed by President Barack Obama on April 29, 2009, and confirmed by the Senate on June 19, 2009.She served as chancellor of the Foothill–De Anza Community College District and established the first program for students with learning disabilities at San Jose City College. Kanter has a Bachelor of Arts from Brandeis University, a Master of Education from Harvard University, and a Doctor of Education from the University of San Francisco.Kanter announced on August 13, 2013, she would be stepping down from her Obama administration post."@en .corpus312.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Levin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Blair Steven Levin is an American lawyer formerly with the Federal Communications Commission, who served as the Executive Director of the National Broadband Plan from 2009 to 2010. During the Presidency of Bill Clinton he was chief of staff to FCC chairman Reed Hundt from 1993 to 1997.From 2001 through 2008, he worked as a policy analyst for Legg Mason and then Stifel Nicolaus. Barron’s Magazine noted that as an analyst, Levin “has always been on top of developing trends and policy shifts in media and telecommunications … and has proved visionary in getting out in front of many of today’s headline making events.” In 2008, he co-chaired the technology, innovation and government reform transition team for President-elect Barack Obama and subsequently served as the Executive Director for the effort that produced the National Broadband Plan.  FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has noted that as to Levin’s role in broadband policy, “no one's done more to advance broadband expansion and competition through the vision of National Broadband Plan and Gig.U.\" He has spoken at many conferences on telecommunications policy. Along with former FCC Chairman Reed Hundt, Levin authored The Politics of Abundance: How Technology Can Fix the Budget, Revive the American Dream, and Establish Obama's Legacy.  He has received a number of awards for his work on broadband including “Visionary of the Year” from Computers for Youth  and “Community Broadband Visionary of the Year” from the National Association of Telecommunications Officers and Advisors.He is now a non-resident fellow at the Metropolitan Policy Project of the Brookings Institute. He also is the Executive Director of the Gig.U project, a consortium of research university communities seeking to accelerate the deployment of next generation networks in the United States. The project has led to a number of communities obtaining next generation networks.He worked on the 1982 campaign of Mayor Tom Bradley's unsuccessful run for California governor and disputes the so-called Bradley Effect.  From 1984 through 1993, he was a lawyer with Parker, Poe, Adams and Bernstein in Raleigh, North Carolina.He graduated summa cum laude from Yale College and is a graduate of Yale Law School."@en .corpus312.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Verde> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Juan Verde Suárez (born July 7, 1971) is a business and social entrepreneur who worked on the political campaigns of Senator Ted Kennedy, President Bill Clinton, Vice President Al Gore, Senator John Kerry, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, besides of serving as International Co-Chair for the reelection campaign of President Barack Obama in 2012. In addition to developing and directing a strategy designed to mobilize millions of American citizens residing outside of the United States, Mr. Verde serves as an advisor to President Obama on international trade,the Hispanic vote as well as sustainability related issues.As Senior Partner of U.S. consultancy firm Mapa Group, Verde advises governments and corporations on market expansion, strategy and sustainability.  He currently serves on a number of corporate and advisory boards including the Government of Lithuania´s International Advisory Committee and the Alumni Board of Directors at Harvard University’s Kennedy School of Government. In the corporate world, Mr. Verde serves, or has served, among others, on the board of directors of Abengoa Bioenergy S.A., a global biotech ethanol company; Santander Bank, N.A., a U.S. subsidiary of the Spanish financial institution Grupo Santander; and Andina Energy Corp., a global diversified energy corporation."@en .corpus312.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Riley_Dunham> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Riley Dunham (1856–1921), “the man known by name by more men, women and children than any other one man in Tipton County,” according to a 1912 issue of the Kempton Courier, was a member of the Indiana General Assembly, representing Hamilton and Tipton counties from 1913-1915. William Riley was born to Samuel Goodnight Dunham and Eliza Matilda Reese, President Barack Obama's great-great-great grandparents, making him President Barack Obama's great-great-great uncle. William Riley died in 1921 of \"traveling sickness.\""@en .corpus312.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Gilbert> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark David Gilbert (born August 22, 1956) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball who has been confirmed to serve as the United States ambassador to New Zealand. He played for the Chicago White Sox in 1985.In 2014, United States President Barack Obama nominated Gilbert to be United States ambassador to New Zealand.  The U.S. Senate confirmed Gilbert on December 12, 2014."@en .corpus312.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Office_of_the_Staff_Secretary> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Staff Secretary (\"Staff Sec\") is a position in the White House Office responsible for managing paper flow to the President and circulating documents among senior staff for comment.Joani Walsh is the current Staff Secretary in the Administration of President Barack Obama, she was appointed to the position in early 2014.  She previously served as an Assistant Staff Secretary earlier in the administration.The Office of the Staff Secretary, along with its sub-offices—the Office of the Executive Clerk, the Office of Records Management, and the Office of Presidential Correspondence—is the largest of the White House Offices."@en .corpus313.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_State_Digital> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Blue State Digital is a new media strategy and technology firm that specializes in online fundraising, advocacy, social networking, and constituency development. It was founded by former staffers of Howard Dean's 2004 presidential campaign and provided digital strategy and technology services for the 2008 and 2012 Barack Obama presidential campaigns. The company is led by the one remaining co-founder, Joe Rospars (CEO). Co-founder Jascha Franklin-Hodge (former CTO) left in July 2014.The company's mission statement is:\"A full-service new media agency, Blue State Digital develops and executes multi-platform digital marketing and online engagement campaigns for nonprofit and advocacy organizations, political candidates and causes, and brands and businesses. Our work inspires and mobilizes people, increases revenue, and cements lasting support and loyalty.\"Blue State Digital has offices in New York City, Washington DC, Boston, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and London. In December 2010, Blue State Digital was acquired by WPP."@en .corpus313.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can_Have_Peace_in_the_Holy_Land> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "We Can Have Peace In The Holy Land: A Plan That Will Work is a New York Times Best Seller book written by Jimmy Carter, 39th President of the United States (1977–1981) and winner of the 2002 Nobel Peace Prize.  It was published by Simon and Schuster in February 2009. It came as a sequel to his previous book Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid believing that U.S president Barack Obama said he will make a personal effort for Middle East Peace from the beginning of his administration.While President, Carter hosted talks between Menachem Begin of Israel and Anwar Sadat of Egypt that led to the Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty.  In this book Carter argues that Israel's continued control of Palestinian land has been the primary obstacle to a comprehensive peace agreement in the Middle East."@en .corpus313.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_gubernatorial_election,_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Virginia gubernatorial election of 2013 took place on November 5, 2013, to elect the Governor of Virginia. The incumbent Governor, Republican Bob McDonnell, was not eligible to run for re-election due to term limits established by the Virginia Constitution. Virginia is the only state that prohibits its Governor from serving immediate successive terms.Three candidates appeared on the ballot for Governor: Republican Ken Cuccinelli, the Attorney General of Virginia; Democrat Terry McAuliffe, a businessman and the former Chairman of the Democratic National Committee; and Libertarian Robert Sarvis, a lawyer and businessman. McAuliffe won the election and was sworn in as Governor on January 11, 2014.In every Virginia gubernatorial election from 1977 to 2009, the political party of the President at the time lost the election, even when the state of Virginia had strongly voted for the President in question. However, this pattern was broken in the 2013 election, with McAuliffe's victory during Barack Obama's second term as president. The election also broke the winner takes the majority methodology, which dates back to the Civil Rights era."@en .corpus313.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_United_States_federal_budget> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States federal budget was the budget to fund government operations for the fiscal year 2012, which lasted from October 1, 2011 through September 30, 2012.  The original spending request was issued by President Barack Obama in February 2011.  That April, the Republican-held House of Representatives announced a competing plan, The Path to Prosperity, emboldened by a major victory in the 2010 Congressional elections associated with the Tea Party movement.  The budget plans were both intended to focus on deficit reduction, but differed in their changes to taxation, entitlement programs, defense spending, and research funding.The House resolution did not pass the Senate, nor did the Senate pass a resolution of their own, so there was no 2012 budget of record. The actual appropriations bills for Fiscal Year 2012 included four continuing resolutions and three full-year appropriations bills enacted in November and December 2011, in accordance with the United States budget process. These appropriations were greatly affected by the Budget Control Act of 2011, passed in August 2011 as a resolution to the debt-ceiling crisis; it mandated budget cuts over a ten-year period beginning with Fiscal Year 2012.In addition, legislation was passed to extend a cut in the Social Security payroll tax for the entirety of calendar year 2012."@en .corpus313.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Task_Force_on_Childhood_Obesity> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Childhood Obesity Task Force is a United States Government task force charged with reducing childhood obesity in the United States. It was founded on February 9, 2010 by the Obama Administration through a Presidential Memorandum, announcing the establishment of a Task Force on Childhood Obesity. The Task Force aims to develop a plan to reduce childhood obesity. In the announcement, President Barack Obama highlighted the statistics on childhood obesity in the United States and outlined the steps that this new task force would be taking to end childhood obesity. Section 1 of the Memorandum states:\"There is established a Task Force on Childhood Obesity (Task Force) to develop an interagency action plan to solve the problem of obesity among our Nation's children within a generation. The Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy shall serve as Chair of the Task Force.\"The task force is designed to support the Administration's \"Let's Move\" initiative, first announced by Michelle Obama in February 2010. The Let's Move initiative is similar to the task force, except it focuses on involving more partners in the cause to reduce childhood obesity than just the United States Government."@en .corpus314.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Lynch> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Loretta Elizabeth Lynch (born May 21, 1959) is the current United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York.  Her current tenure as U.S. Attorney began in 2010, and she previously held the position from 1999−2001. As U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Lynch oversees federal prosecutions in Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island and Long Island. On November 8, 2014, President Barack Obama nominated her to succeed Eric Holder as Attorney General of the United States."@en .corpus314.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_History_of_the_White_House> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Black History of the White House is a book by Clarence Lusane concerning the history of the African-American community's relationship to government and the White House as a symbol as well as a place of employment. The book begins with the founding of the United States and continues to the first few years of the Barack Obama administration."@en .corpus314.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Singletary_Dunham_House> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Jonathan Singletary Dunham House, located in Woodbridge Township, Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States (the state's first Township, chartered on June 1, 1669 by King Charles II of England), is a house that was built around 1700 by Jonathan Singletary Dunham (January 17, 1640 – September 6, 1724), an early American settler and freeholder who built the first gristmill in New Jersey nearby the house.Jonathan Dunham was born in Newbury, Massachusetts and married Mary Bloomfield with whom he later moved to present day New Jersey. Bloomfield is a relative of Joseph Bloomfield, Governor of New Jersey, for whom the township of Bloomfield, New Jersey is named. After building the first gristmill in New Jersey, he went on to serve the community in a variety of ways and was elected to the New Jersey Provincial Congress in 1673. Jonathan Singletary Dunham is President Barack Obama’s eighth great-grandfather and the first of Obama’s ancestors to be born in North America."@en .corpus314.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Bernard> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeremy Mill Bernard (born November 4, 1961) currently serves as the White House Social Secretary. Bernard was appointed to the position by President Barack Obama on February 25, 2011.  He is the first male, as well as the first openly gay individual, to serve as White House Social Secretary."@en .corpus314.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leahy-Smith_America_Invents_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Leahy–Smith America Invents Act (AIA) is a United States federal statute that was passed by Congress and was signed into law by President Barack Obama on September 16, 2011. The law represents the most significant change to the U.S. patent system since 1952, and closely resembles previously proposed legislation in the Senate in its previous session (Patent Reform Act of 2009).Named for its lead sponsors, Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX), the Act switches the U.S. patent system from a \"first to invent\" to a \"first inventor to file\" system, eliminates interference proceedings, and develops post-grant opposition. Its central provisions went into effect on September 16, 2012 and on March 16, 2013."@en .corpus314.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_America:_Indicators_of_Social_and_Economic_Well-Being> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Women in America: Indicators of Social and Economic Well-Being is a report issued in 2011 by the United States Department of Commerce Economics and Statistics Administration and the Executive Office of the President Office of Management and Budget for the White House Council on Women and Girls, during the administration of President Barack Obama. The report, which pulls together data from federal sources to give a \"snapshot\" of the well-being of American women, was released in March in observance of Women's History Month."@en .corpus315.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vineyard_Golf_Club> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Vineyard Golf Club on Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, (opened in 2002) uses no synthetic pesticides, fertilizers or herbicides  making it the only organic golf course in the U.S. The superintendent at the Vineyard Golf Club, Jeff Carlson, was the recipient of the 2003 GCSAA/Golf Digest Environmental Leaders in Golf Award and is the 2008 winner of the President's Award for Environmental Stewardship.Carlson has used the course as a test site for new maintenance practices and products which have helped other courses become more environmentally friendly. The Vineyard Golf club gained further notoriety in 2009 when President Barack Obama played the course, and then in 2010 when he returned to Martha's Vineyard and played the course multiple times."@en .corpus315.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_2010_Bajaur_bombing> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On 25 December 2010, at least 47 people were killed and over 100 others injured, after a female suicide bomber detonated her explosives in a large crowd of people displaced by fighting, who were collecting food at a distribution centre of the World Food Programme in the Pakistani town of Khar, which is located within the Bajaur tribal region, of north-western Pakistan. It was later reported by witnesses, that the bomber dressed in a full-length burka had reportedly thrown a grenade after resisting search, to which then the bomber proceeded to detonate her explosives. Several police officials confirmed the bomber was a woman, as opposed to the more likely occurrence of a man wearing the burka as a disguise, in order to successfully conduct this suicide attack. It was also known that those in this crowd were predominantly displaced members of the Salarzai Tribe, which has supported Pakistan Army operations against the Pakistani Taliban within the Bajaur tribal regions. Those dozens of people injured in this suicide attack were apparently later taken to local hospitals via means of helicopters. Local Witnesses, including that of a government official at the main government hospital within the region, Dosti Rehman, claimed that he had personally counted some 40 bodies. However there are concerns that the death toll could very likely rise, as the official stated that several of those injured, as a result of this suicide attack were apparently in a critical condition at the local hospitals. This particular bombing acts as one of a string of recent suicide attacks, which have occurred with near impunity, predominantly throughout Pakistan's north-western, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, of north-western Pakistan. No particular militant group has of yet claimed responsibility for this suicide attack, although the Pakistani Taliban are strong suspects. The Bajaur tribal region has reportedly seen several Pakistan Army military operations in recent years, however such suicide attacks still continue throughout the region with near impunity. The Pakistani Prime Minister, Yousaf Raza Gillani later condemned this suicide attack, and claimed that such military offensives would continue against the Pakistani Taliban. This statement will be met with a certain degree of approval in the U.S, as Pakistan has recently been pressured to launch a major ground-offensive in the nearby North Waziristan tribal region, in order to root-out and destroy the last major remaining safe-haven for Radical Islamist and Pakistani Taliban insurgents within the country. The U.N World Food Programme later suspended its food distribution activities in the Bajaur tribal region, as a security precaution to this suicide attack. This suicide bombing was strongly condemned by U.S president, Barack Obama. The Pakistani Taliban later claimed responsibility for this suicide attack. This suicide bombing was officially declared the first such suicide attack to involve a female in Pakistan."@en .corpus315.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_del_Pilar_Ortiz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "María del Pilar Ortiz is a Colombian reporter and journalist.She is most recognized as the former director and anchorwoman of Noticias Univision in Tampa, Florida; a position she maintained for eleven years. In addition to Univision, she has worked as a reporter for RCN TV, Caracol TV, and CBS TeleNoticias. She has interviewed multiple politicians and celebrities including Barack Obama, John McCain, Andrés Pastrana, Hugo Chávez, Shakira, Carlos Vives, Celia Cruz, Tito Nieves, Ricardo Arjona, Ricky Martin, and many others. In 1997, while working at Caracol TV, she received the Simon Bolivar National Journalism Award in the category of Best Television Chronicle of the Year.Today, Maria del Pilar Ortiz serves as a consultant for La Guia Magazine. She is also a columnist for the weekly newspaper 7 Dias along with Jorge Ramos amongst others."@en .corpus315.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_M._Milgrim> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Roger M. Milgrim (born March 22, 1937, in New York City) is an intellectual property lawyer, and the author of two law treatises: Milgrim on Trade Secrets (published in 1967 and updated three times per year: in early 2011, in its 95th edition) and Milgrim on Licensing. These works are companions to other major intellectual property treatises in the LexisNexis IP series, which includes Chisum on Patents and Nimmer on Copyright, which are cited by the U.S. Supreme Court and other courts. In late 2012 Milgrim's Guide to IP Licensing was published Wolters Kluwer.Milgrim was a Root-Tilden Scholar at NYU School of Law, and won the  National First Prize in the Nathan Burkan competition, awarded by the American Society of Authors, Composers & Publishers (ASCAP) for his essay on territoriality of copyright. He did graduate comparative law studies at NYU and the University of Paris School of Law as a Ford Foundation Fellow and a Fulbright Scholar. He was the first American associate in the Paris office of Baker & McKenzie, then the largest international law firm, and entered practice in New York as an associate in Nixon, Mudge, Rose, Guthrie, Alexander & Mitchell, where he served as a personal attorney to Richard Nixon, later the 37th president of the United States, and as the senior associate in the case that Mr. Nixon argued before the U.S. Supreme Court, Hill v. Time, Inc., 385 U.S. 374 (1967). That case explored the relationship of the First Amendment and the Right of Privacy.In 1968 Milgrim co-founded the firm of Milgrim Thomajan & Lee. By 1992 it had grown from two to 160 lawyers in five cities (NY, Boston, Austin (Texas), Washington, DC, and Los Angeles). In 1992 Milgrim and his firm’s intellectual property group joined the New York office of the law firm of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker, a prominent international law firm, where he served as a senior partner and held such positions as the head of the Firm’s intellectual property group and the Firm’s litigation department.In addition to practice, Milgrim taught trade secret and intellectual property law at NYU School of Law for over two decades, and has also lectured at  law schools including  Columbia, Fordham, Kansas, Loyola (Chicago), Stanford, Texas and Yale. He has been a principal speaker before many bar associations, including those of California, Illinois, Michigan, New York and Texas. He was one of four speakers at the Tokyo Press Club where the then new Japanese Unfair Competition Prevention Law was discussed before an audience of Japanese executives and lawyers; the other three speakers were the heads of the Japanese and U.S. patent offices and a professor from the Max Planck Institute (Japanese law is based on the German Civil Code). Milgrim was the first Dean’s Distinguished Lecturer at the Annenberg School for Communication of the University of Pennsylvania, which lecture, the following year, was given by Cass Sunstein, professor of law (then at the University of Chicago) and currently the Advisor to the White House for Information and Regulatory  Affairs, advising  president Barack Obama.Milgrim has also lectured to numerous legal departments, including AT&T, Eastman Kodak, Exxon, PPG, Procter & Gamble and United Technologies. In addition to an active transactional and litigation practice, he has acted as a lawyer’s lawyer, serving as a witness in the field of trade secret and intellectual property licensing practices in over 35 litigations, having been retained by a wide variety of law firms including Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft, Gibson, Dunn, Hogan & Hartson, Keker & Van Nest, Kirkland & Ellis, Latham & Watkins, Quinn Emanuel, Skadden Arps, Sullivan & Cromwell, White & Case and Wilson Sonsini.Milgrim has served on the boards of directors of Technip (a Paris-based NYSE-Euronext major international engineering firm, which is one of the CAC 40 public companies, the French equivalent of the Dow Jones Industrial Average), Coflexip-Stenna, and on the boards of not for profits, such as The Fulbright Association and The Brooklyn Hospital."@en .corpus316.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Coast_Ecosystem_Restoration_Task_Force> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration Task Force is the organization created by President Barack Obama to recover from the 2010 BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill and preserve the ecosystem of the Gulf Coast of the United States."@en .corpus317.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Freedman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tom Freedman is a consultant who served in the White House as Senior Advisor to President of the United States Bill Clinton. He continues to be an advisor to President Clinton. Freedman was also Chief of Staff for Political Strategy for the Clinton/Gore Campaign in 1996, part of a team that helped define Republican Bob Dole early in the race using a multi-million ad campaign. Freedman served as a member of the 2008 presidential Obama-Biden Transition Project on the Technology, Innovation, and Government Reform Policy Working Group.Freedman was a policy consultant for the Barack Obama presidential campaign, 2012.Today he is the President of Freedman Consulting, a strategic consulting firm, and writes on public policy issues."@en .corpus317.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Songs_for_the_New_Depression> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "10 Songs for the New Depression is the twenty-first studio album by American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III, released in July 2010 through Proper Records. Released forty years following his first studio album, 10 Songs is Wainwright's first album since his Grammy Award-winning tribute project High Wide & Handsome: The Charlie Poole Project (2009). The concept album was inspired by the late-2000s global financial crisis and recession, and features Wainwright backed by his own banjo, guitar and ukulele performances.Wainwright began writing songs for the album following the inauguration of Barack Obama in January 2009. The album features ten original songs and two cover versions of songs originally written and recorded during the Great Depression. Lyrical references throughout 10 Songs include economists Alan Greenspan, John Maynard Keynes and Paul Krugman, President Barack Obama, and the government program Car Allowance Rebate System (more commonly known as \"cash for clunkers\"). Overall, critical reception of the album was positive. 10 Songs reached peak positions of number thirty-eight on the United Kingdom's Top Independent Albums chart and number twelve on the Top 40 Independent Albums Breakers chart."@en .corpus317.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_presidential_eligibility_litigation> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Numerous lawsuits and ballot challenges, based on conspiracy theories related to Barack Obama's eligibility for the United States presidency, have been filed since 2008.  These actions have sought to have Obama disqualified from running for, or being confirmed for, the Presidency of the United States, to declare his actions in office to be null and void, or to compel him to release additional documentation related to his U.S. citizenship."@en .corpus317.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wharton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Billy Wharton (May 5, 1969 –) is an Adult Educator, American democratic socialist activist and former co-chair of the Socialist Party USA. Wharton is best known for his March 15, 2009 article entitled \"Obama's No Socialist. I Should Know.\"  In it, he sought to debunk right-wing commentators who claimed that President Barack Obama was a secret socialist. Wharton wrote: \"The funny thing is, of course, that socialists know that Barack Obama is not one of us. Not only is he not a socialist, he may in fact not even be a liberal. Socialists understand him more as a hedge-fund Democrat.\"The article led to increased media attention that resulted in multiple appearances on Fox Business News and a series of radio interviews including a segment on the CBC.  Since then, Wharton's articles have consistently been published in on-line left-wing publications such as \"Counterpunch,\" the \"MRZine,\" \"Dissident Voice,\" \"In These Times,\" \"Counter Currents\" and \"The Indypendent.\""@en .corpus317.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_eligibility_legislation> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Article Two, Section 1 of the United States Constitution sets forth the eligibility requirements for serving as President of the United States:No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President; neither shall any person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty five Years, and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States.The controversy arising from conspiracy theories over Barack Obama's citizenship and eligibility for the presidency prompted a number of Republican state and federal legislators to propose legislation aimed at requiring future presidential candidates to release copies of their birth certificates. The Hawaii State legislature went in the opposite direction, to limit the lengths that proponents can go in pursuit of this issue, as the pursuits have drained resources from the state."@en .corpus317.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shari_O'Donnell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Shari O'Donnell (born 1 May 1985) is an Irish actress known for playing Anna, daughter of F. A. Mitchell-Hedges in The Lost World of the Crystal Skull.Since The Lost World of the Crystal Skull O'Donnell has played U.S. President Barack Obama's great-great-great-great grandmother Phoebe Donovan in Obama's Irish Roots., a girl in Along the Roadside and Angie in The American Failure.She was born in Rathfarnham, County Dublin, Ireland, the fifth of seven children to Paul, a Major General in the Irish Army and Noreen, a housewife.Shari attended the School of English, Drama & Film  at University College Dublin. Later she transferred to The Abbey School of Music and Drama, The Irish Film Actors Studio and studied interpretive dance at Alambrado Danza in Italy. On returning to Ireland she founded \"Organic Productions\" a theatrical production company focused on original writings and emerging actors. She went from strength to strength as her abilities in theatre and film developed and matured.Shari's film acting career began in the film The Flood which led to her being cast in The Lost World of the Crystal Skull closely followed by Obama's Irish Roots; increasing her worldwide recognition, paving the way to her next role in Moonman, a Dracula film series.Shari was executive producer in The Lost World of the Crystal Skull, George Clooney's Irish Roots and The Cinema: A Brief History of World Cinema.Shari is an accomplished fencer and has competed in a number of tournaments throughout Europe for which she has won several medals.It was revealed by Director Gabriel Murray on a special feature of The Lost World of the Crystal Skull DVD that Shari had the record for dropping the most number of  prop crystal skulls during the course of the film - five in total.Shari currently resides in Los Angeles, California."@en .corpus317.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midland_Record> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Midland Record was Ireland's first provincial newspaper that existed in an online only format. It was created in December 2010 by a journalist from the Irish midlands and began publishing articles in February 2011.The Midland Record focused on County Tipperary, County Laois, and County Offaly and offered local people interactive news updated daily.The journalist who started The Midland Record is Darren Keegan, from Roscrea, County Tipperary, Ireland. Formerly a reporter for The Nenagh Guardian, The Midland Tribune and briefly with the The Sunday Tribune. Keegan currently reports for The Midland Tribune based in Birr, County Offaly.The Midland Record was also the closest situated publication to US President Barack Obama's ancestral home in Moneygall, County Offaly, Ireland. The online paper extensively covered the visit of Barack Obama and First Lady, Michelle Obama, to Moneygall on 23 May 2011, when the Presidential couple visited Obama's ancestral homestead and famously drank Guinness in Ollie Hayes' Pub with locals and distant Irish relatives of the President."@en .corpus317.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_T._Onaka> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dr. Alvin T. Onaka is the Registrar of Vital Statistics for the State of Hawaii. Dr. Onaka was the 2008 recipient of the Halbert L. Dunn Award, the most prestigious award presented by the National Association for Public Health Statistics and Information Systems (NAPHSIS) and regarded as one of the most important honors in the field of biostatistics in the United States. He was elected President of NAPHSIS in 2002.Onaka gained national attention as the person who, along with Hawaii Health Director Dr. Chiyome Fukino, verified Barack Obama's original birth records in Hawaii, and as the one who certified the birth certificate released by the Obama campaign in 2008 and the 2011 certificate released by the White House."@en .corpus317.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Path_to_Prosperity> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Path to Prosperity: Restoring America's Promise was the Republican Party's budget proposal for the United States federal government in the fiscal year 2012. It was succeeded in March 2012 by The Path to Prosperity: A Blueprint for American Renewal, the Republican budget proposal for 2013. Representative Paul Ryan, Chairman of the House Budget Committee, played a prominent public role in drafting and promoting both The Path to Prosperity proposals, and they are therefore often referred to as the Ryan budget, Ryan plan, Ryan proposal, etc.The plans stand in contrast to the 2012 and 2013 budget proposals, outlined by President Barack Obama and the Congressional Progressive Caucus.The 2012 Republican proposal was formalized and passed by the House of Representatives on Friday, April 15, 2011 by a vote of 235 to 193, largely along party lines. No Democrats voted in favor of the bill, and only four Republicans voted against it: Walter B. Jones, Jr., David McKinley, Ron Paul and Denny Rehberg. A month later, the Senate voted against the budget by a vote of 57–40.The 2013 proposal provides workers currently under the age of 55 (beginning in 2023) a choice of private plans competing alongside the traditional fee for service option on a newly created Medicare Exchange.  Medicare would provide a premium payment to either pay for or offset the premium of the plan chosen by the senior.  This was similar to a plan developed with Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, but different enough so that the Democrat opposed it.  To secure Medicaid beneﬁts, the budget proposed converting the federal share of Medicaid spending into a block grant indexed for inﬂation and population growth.  The 2013 proposal also caps non-defense discretionary federal spending at $1.029 trillion and consolidates the six existing income tax brackets into two.Congressman Paul Ryan published three videos in April 2011 on The Path to Prosperity.  America's Two Futures, Saving Medicare, Visualized, and Three Steps to Pro Growth Tax ReformIn March 2013, Congressman Paul Ryan introduced H.Con.Res 25 to the House of Representatives, a new version of this budget updated for Fiscal Year 2014.  The House voted 221-207 to pass H.Con.Res 25 on March 21, 2013. By July, the Ryan budget lost support when even House Republicans failed to support the THUD cuts."@en .corpus318.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitt_Romney_presidential_campaign,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Mitt Romney presidential campaign of 2012 began when Mitt Romney, the former Governor of Massachusetts, launched his second candidacy for the presidency of the United States in a bid to win the 2012 presidential election. His candidacy was formally announced on June 2, 2011 in Stratham, New Hampshire.He filed his organization with the Federal Elections Commission as an exploratory committee and announced the organization in a video message on April 11, 2011. He became the party's presumptive nominee with his victory in the Texas primary on May 29, 2012.On August 11, 2012, in Norfolk, Virginia, Romney announced that his running mate for vice president was Paul Ryan, the U.S. Congressman for Wisconsin's 1st congressional district.On August 30, 2012, in Tampa, Florida, Romney formally accepted the Republican Party's nomination at the 2012 Republican National Convention.Romney's campaign came to an end on November 6, 2012, upon defeat by incumbent President Barack Obama."@en .corpus318.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_O._Cota> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sean O'Brien Cota (born June 27, 1963) is an American businessman, financial commentator, and policy advisor on American energy and financial market transparency and reform measures. As the President of a third generation family-owned oil company, Cota & Cota Oil, Inc. in Bellows Falls, VT, whom he has worked for since 1977, he became extremely involved in  energy commodity trading in 1988. In 2010, he was named Chairman of the Petroleum Marketers Association of America.He has testified before the United States Senate, U.S. House of Representatives, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) on nine separate occasions; first as an expert panelist on energy trading market functions, and later on the general subject areas of swaps, futures, options, and other 'exotic' structured financial products. He is a member of the CFTC Energy and Environmental Markets Advisory Committee.On March 24, 2011 US Senator Patrick Leahy encouraged US President Barack Obama to appoint Cota to become the next Commissioner of the CFTC then led by Gary Gensler, currently Timothy Massad, after formally nominating him for the post.Mr. Cota is a leader in the Commodity Markets Oversight Coalition, and the Derivatives Reform Alliance, where he provides financial and physical hedging experience and counsel to the groups. He provided these groups significant counsel in the development of the \"Close the Enron Loophole Act\" Commodity Futures Modernization.Mr. Cota was featured on the January 9, 2009 60 Minutes episode \"The Price of Oil/The Chairman/Wyclef\" which discusses whether Wall Street speculation is driving up the price of Oil to American consumers."@en .corpus318.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Svehla> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Henry Svehla (circa 1932 – June 12, 1952) was a United States Army soldier who on May 2, 2011 was posthumously awarded the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in the Korean War. Previously he had been awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. Svehla joined the Army in 1951.By June 12, 1952, Svehla was a private first class serving in Korea as a rifleman with Company F, 32nd Infantry Regiment, 7th Infantry Division. On that day, his platoon came under heavy fire and he charged forward to attack the enemy. When a grenade landed amidst his group, he smothered the blast with his body in order to protect those around him. He was killed in the explosion. His remains have never been recovered.For these actions, Svehla was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Barack Obama on May 2 during a White House ceremony. His sisters Dorothy Mathews and Sylvia Svehla accepted the medal on his behalf. Also receiving a Medal of Honor at the ceremony was the family of Private First Class Anthony T. Kahoʻohanohano, a fellow 7th Infantry Division soldier killed in the Korean War.A White House press release describes Svehla's actions:Coming under heavy fire and with his platoon's attack beginning to falter, Private First Class Svehla leapt to his feet and charged the enemy positions, firing his weapon and throwing grenades as he advanced. Disregarding his own safety, he destroyed enemy positions and inflicted heavy casualties. When an enemy grenade landed among a group of his comrades, without hesitation and undoubtedly aware of the extreme danger, he threw himself on the grenade."@en .corpus318.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Zichal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Heather R. Zichal (born February 8, 1976) is the former Deputy Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change, serving in the Barack Obama administration starting in 2009. Following the early 2011 departure of Carol Browner from the administration, Zichal gained the general responsibility of coordinating the administration's energy and climate policy.  Zichal previously served as a legislative director and campaign advisor to several Democratic Party congressional members.  In November 2013 she left the administration."@en .corpus318.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_Texas_wildfires> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2011 Texas wildfires were a series of destructive wildfires in Texas, United States that occurred in the 2011 fire season. Statistics on the fires have been recorded since the current fire season began November 15, 2010. During 2011 in Texas, around 31,453 fires had burned 4,000,000 acres or 16,190 square kilometres (about double the previous record), 2,947 homes (1,939 of which were destroyed over the Labor Day weekend), and over 2,700 other structures. 47.3% of all acreage burned in the United States in 2011 was burned in Texas. The fires had been particularly severe due to the 2011 Southern US drought that covered the state, and was exacerbated by the unusual convergence of strong winds, unseasonably warm temperatures, and low humidity.Timber lost to drought and wildfire in 2011 could have produced $1.6 billion worth of products, resulting in a $3.4 billion economic impact in East Texas.Firefighters from more than forty-three states have been involved in the operation to combat the fires. Two firefighters were killed. Eastland volunteer firefighter Gregory M. Simmons, 51, died April 15 while battling a 3,000-acre (12 km2) blaze Friday afternoon near Eastland. Cactus volunteer firefighter Elias Jaquez died April 20 from injuries sustained while fighting a blaze April 9 in Moore County.On Sunday, September 4, 2011, a firestorm known as the Bastrop County Complex Fire engulfed Bastrop, Texas and by September 30 had destroyed 1,645 homes, burned 34,068 acres, and killed two people. This fire is now regarded as the most catastrophic wildfire in Texas history.Texas Governor Rick Perry declared a State of Disaster starting on December 21, 2010, and renewed the proclamation every month. On April 16, 2011, Perry asked that President Barack Obama declare 252 of 254 Texas counties as disaster areas due to wildfires and wildfire danger; the request was partially approved on July 1, 2011.  Critics of the governor's relief efforts point to his budget cuts to the Texas Forest Service which provides a first line of defense against wildfires. Overall, wildfires in Texas during 2011 caused $510.927 million in damages and caused six fatalities, though an additional 62 people were injured."@en .corpus318.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_ROTC> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harvard ROTC was one of the first Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) units in the country, founded in 1916.  The original program was led by Captain Constant Cordier. By the fall of 1952 forty percent of the incoming freshmen class at Harvard University enrolled in programs that lead to a ROTC commission.  Harvard has the third most graduates who have received the Medal of Honor.  With seventeen recipients, only West Point and the US Naval Academy have more.  In 1969, in the middle of sometimes violent protests over the Vietnam War, Harvard downgraded the status of ROTC to an extracurricular activity.  The cited reason was over academic standards on coursework.  The military’s official departure from Harvard began in the years that followed.    For the next several decades Harvard’s connection to ROTC was by allowing their students to take ROTC courses at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  By 1994, in the midst of the controversy over the Don’t Ask Don’t Tell (DADT) law on homosexuality, Harvard committed to upholding ROTC ties, but only through indirect alumni contributions.  This compromise prevented all ties from being severed as was recommended in the 1992 faculty committee report.   Harvard University President Drew Faust promised a return of ROTC to campus, once DADT was repealed, in a speech with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen at the Kennedy School of Government on 17 November 2010. In December 2010 Congress passed a bill to repeal President Bill Clinton’s 1993 DADT Policy.  On March 4, 2011, Harvard University President Drew Faust signed an agreement with Navy Secretary Ray Mabus formally recognizing the return of Naval ROTC to Harvard’s campus. According to the agreement's terms, a Director of Naval ROTC would be appointed, and Harvard would provide funding for the program. The Navy agreement was structured to go into effect when the repeal of DADT was implemented, and was followed by a similar agreement with the Army.   President Barack Obama, who in his 2011 State of the Union address called on all universities to open their doors to ROTC, responded through his spokesman by saying:  With our nation at war, this sends a powerful message that Americans stand united and that our colleges, society and armed forces are stronger when we honor the contributions of all our citizens, especially our troops and military families who sacrifice for our freedoms.  As the president said in the State of the Union, it is time to move forward as one nation. — Jay Carney, President Obama’s Spokesman, Defense.gov"@en .corpus318.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_A._Brown> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Marilyn A. Brown is an American geographer on the faculty of the Georgia Institute of Technology and is a member of the Tennessee Valley Authority board of directors. During her prior career at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, she held various leadership positions managing programs focused on energy efficiency, renewable energy, and the electric grid. At ORNL, Dr. Brown co-led the report, Scenarios for a Clean Energy Future, which remains a cornerstone of engineering-economic analysis of low-carbon energy options for the United States. While at ORNL, she and Eric Hirst coined the term \"energy efficiency gap\" in a 1990 article on \"Closing the Efficiency Gap: Barriers to the Efficient Use of Energy.\" The term refers to the unexploited economic potential for energy efficiency, and it has attracted wide attention among energy analysts. Marilyn Brown is a national leader in the analysis and interpretation of energy futures in the United States. Her work has had significant visibility in the policy arena as evidenced by her briefings and testimonies before Committees of both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U. S. Senate. Marilyn Brown co-founded the Southeast Energy Efficiency Alliance and chaired its first Board of Directors for several years. She also served on the boards of directors of the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy and the Alliance to Save Energy, and was a member of the National Commission on Energy Policy for many years. She has served on six National Academies committees including the Board of Energy and Environmental Systems. She currently serves on the editorial board of the Journal of Energy Efficiency and the new journal Energy Research and Social Science. In 2010, Dr. Brown was sworn onto the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority, the nation’s largest public power provider, following her nomination by President Barack Obama. She was renominated and began a second term in 2013.At Georgia Tech, Dr. Brown created and leads the Climate and Energy Policy Laboratory  (CEPL) and advises students in the Environment and Energy Policy concentration in the School of Public Policy. CEPL supports this effort by conducting research on global energy security, clean energy employment, policies to promote energy efficiency, renewable energy policies and trends in the U.S. South, smart grid policies, and demand response. We are involved in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, and our policy interests span the triad of mitigation, adaptation, and geo-engineering. The CEP Lab analyzes climate change and energy policies using software tools including the National Energy Modeling System (NEMS), hybrid NEMS-Input/Output approaches, and Monte Carlo methods to characterize uncertainties. These models are used to evaluate the speed and market penetration of new and improved energy technologies and the ability of possible future policies to accelerate technology adoption."@en .corpus318.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahvaar_Ali_Khan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Shahvaar Ali Khan is a Pakistani writer, singer-songwriter and composer. His first single \"No Saazish No Jang\" is being touted as the official peace anthem by youth organisations across South Asia and America. In the peace anthem song, Shahvar has used the voices of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, Imran Khan, Benazir Bhutto, Mahatma Gandhi and Barack Obama. The song has also been especially well received by Pakistani, Indian, Bangladeshi and Nepali students from colleges like Harvard, Trinity, NYU and many other institutions abroad, in addition to assorted listeners in Pakistan and IndiaShahvaar Ali Khan graduated in Economics & International Studies from Trinity College in Hartford Connecticut after attending Cambridge Rindge & Latin School, MA, USA and Lahore Grammar School. After meandering from Investment Banking in New York to the Petroleum Industry in Pakistan the passion for music, entertainment, writing, an amalgamation of business acumen, people skills and penchant for creativity landed Shahvaar in Advertising. Shahvaar found the whole ad man lifestyle intriguing in the company of some extremely artistic peers and incisive clients, which helped him understand the pulse of the audience.  Concurrently, Shahvaar started singularly focusing on his Music, singing, songwriting/writing since 2008 and did a soft/viral internet availability of his first song \"NO SAAZISH, NO JANG – Peace NOT Pieces\" (NSNJ) on his website as an experiment.Even without a Music Video-launching pad or a single advertising dollar spent on promoting NSNJ, Shahvaar found himself sharing print space with the likes of Shahrukh Khan and Michael Jackson as Front Page news on many Pakistani and Indian Newspapers/Magazines including The News Instep, The Times of India (Delhi/Bombay Times), The Hindu, The Daily Jang, MSN India, Yahoo India, The Asian Age – Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, London, Deccan Chronicle, India, News Today, India, The Daily Siasat, India, USA Today, Hum Shehri (Urdu), Pakistan, India News (Hindi), Bombay Mid Day, Daily Pakistan (Urdu), etc. including a few Bollywood websites. However, despite the response, contrary to his expectations the struggle for Shahvaar had just begun. It took him close to two years to find the right concept and Director for his Music Video. In the meantime Shahvaar started writing for publications and opened his own Advertising Creative shop."@en .corpus318.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Controversies_in_the_Canadian_federal_election,_2011> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article lists the controversies in the Canadian federal election, 2011.In February 2012 a Conservative Party of Canada staffer resigned among widespread calls of election fraud.  This fraud involved both live and robocalls in 39 ridings and were linked to the Conservative government.  These calls were aimed at opposition party voters directing them to incorrect or non-existent polling stations.  Several employees of a call center have come forward to claiming to have received directions to misinform voters from the Conservatives. Stephen Harper and his government have denied any knowledge of the incidents.  RCMP and Elections Canada are investigating these claims.In Vaughan, Deputy Defense Minister and former police chief Julian Fantino has been accused of holding a second bank account for the election, in contravention of electoral law.In Eglinton-Lawrence, 2 700 voters with fraudulent or no addresses voted in the election. Raymond Sturgeon, the Conservative candidate for the federal riding of Algoma—Manitoulin—Kapuskasing was until December 2010 a lobbyist for Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, the manufacturer of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter plane – which the Canadian government agreed to purchase in July 2010. A former Conservative Party staffer who is under investigation by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, Sebastien Togneri, was found to be volunteering for Edmonton—Strathcona Conservative candidate Ryan Hastman. After news of this was released by The Canadian Press, he was removed from the campaign – although his mere involvement in political affairs was criticized by opposition leaders. Yvon Lévesque, the Bloc Québécois candidate and MP for the riding of Abitibi—Baie-James—Nunavik—Eeyou, was quoted as saying that \"Certain voters will not choose the New Democratic Party now that they're running an aboriginal candidate\" – referring to his opponent, New Democratic Party candidate Roméo Saganash who won the election.Cheryl Gallant, the Conservative candidate for Renfrew—Nipissing—Pembroke compared Michael Ignatieff to Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi. She later apologized.On March 18, Mark Strahl (son of incumbent Conservative MP Chuck Strahl) was nominated as the candidate in his father's riding of Chilliwack—Fraser Canyon. The nomination process, which is usually four weeks, lasted only a week. During the nomination Mark Strahl was endorsed by Preston Manning, who said \"Mark Strahl – by virtue of his family background... is well prepared for service in the House of Commons.\" This was criticized by members of the Conservative party: former Chilliwack city councillor Casey Langbroek said most Conservative party members from the riding were upset, and Alex Moens said \"High public office should not be like a family business, where it's passed on from father to son.\"At a tightly controlled event aimed at immigrant communities in Brampton, Ontario, Harper used the phrase \"you people\" to attendees,. Ignatieff and Layton immediately criticized Harper and pointed to his record of reducing family reunification quotas for immigration, and criminal justice policies that allegedly disadvantage non-white populations.Two veterans, including Jim Lowther of the Veterans Emergency Transition Team were not permitted to enter a Harper Halifax news conference nor even watch his speech.During a Conservative rally in London, Ontario an RCMP officer asked two students to leave the event for having supposed ties to the Liberal party. One of the students later complained that the only reason she could think of for being removed was the fact she had a Facebook profile photo showing her posing for a picture with Michael Ignatieff, after having previously attended an NDP and Liberal rally. Their forced removal was immediately criticized by both Jack Layton and Ignatieff. On April 6, André Forbes, the Liberal candidate for the rural Quebec riding of Manicouagan, was criticized by the NDP for calling First Nations and Inuit people \"featherheads,\" as well as being the founder of the white supremacist group l’Association des Droits des Blancs (literally the Association for White Rights), despite being Métis himself. Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff stated that he was \"shocked\" by the Forbes comments and that \"if he really said that, it's not possible to remain a candidate for the Liberal Party of Canada\". Later the same day, Ignatieff announced that Forbes was no longer the Liberal candidate for Manicouagan.  While Forbes remained on the ballot as a Liberal, he would not have been allowed to sit with the Liberal caucus had he won. Liberal Party leader Michael Ignatieff's wife, Zsuzsanna Zsohar, came under attack from conservative lobby group National Citizens Coalition president Peter Coleman over the fact that she is not yet a Canadian citizen, and will therefore be unable to vote for her husband on May 2. Zsohar explained in the interview that she, like any other immigrant arriving in Canada, was waiting in line for her Citizenship application to be accepted and that the campaign was not about her. The Conservative Party came under heavy fire on April 11 when a draft report for the G8 summit was leaked to the Canadian Press, which indicated that the Tories misled the Parliament of Canada to seek approval for $50 million tax dollars to be spread on dubious projects, which over half of it was spent on the riding of Parry Sound—Muskoka – Tony Clement's riding. It prompted calls from the other leaders to release the report now, but the Auditor General of Canada, Sheila Fraser, told reporters the rules forbid her to release it because she has to release it to the Speaker of the House of Commons. A Green Party candidate, Alan Saldanha, resigned after making a rape comment on Facebook. Saldanha, running for a seat in BC's Fleetwood—Port Kells riding, has since removed the comment. Two Conservative riding association members (Richard Lorello and Tracey Kent) quit their own riding association in Vaughan after money was earmarked for the Vaughan Health Campus of Care (VHCC), which has two key fund-raisers for incumbent Tory candidate Julian Fantino as backers. Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff responded to the incident, saying that \"it doesn’t sit well, it doesn’t look right, it doesn’t feel right and Conservatives themselves are embarrassed by it.\"Canadian Arab Federation president Khaled Mouamar received an email from Etobicoke Centre Conservative campaign staffer Zeljko Zidaric asking him if he had any groups that would like to participate in a Conservative rally \"by having someone at the event in an ethnic costume\". The email further elaborated that they wanted them for a \"photo-op about all the multicultural groups that support Ted Opitz our local Conservative candidate and the Prime Minister.\" Mouamar took offence to the email. A counter rally was made to protest the email.Conservative candidate Gavan Paranchothy (previously known as Ragavan Paranchothy), who is running in the riding of Scarborough Southwest, has in the past praised the Tamil Tiger movement, including hosting a televised tribute to the Tamil Tigers in November 2010. When questioned about the candidate Conservative leader Stephen Harper simply stated that his party has \"taken a strong position against the Tamil Tigers\", but did not comment specifically about the candidate.One-term Penticton city councillor Dan Albas was nominated as the Conservative Party candidate in Okanagan—Coquihalla, the riding of Stockwell Day, the former Canadian Alliance leader and president of the Treasury Board. The nomination process lasted only a week, causing at least five prospective candidates not to make the nomination deadline. Albas and the two other candidates who managed to file their paperwork in time were both close associates of Stockwell Day and are alleged to have had prior notification of Day's surprise resignation. The process was criticized by members of the Conservative party including Day's fundraising chair, who says he ripped up his Conservative Party membership card. One of the candidates who missed the deadline, party veteran Sean Upshaw, ran as an 'independent conservative' candidate in the riding. The Conservative Party alleged that a special ballot held at the University of Guelph on April 13, 2011 could in fact be illegal under the Canada Elections Act, claiming that partisan election material was present. Elections Canada, who are responsible for enforcing the act, responded that the ballots were legal. The action by the Conservatives, especially after allegations that a party volunteer attempted to grab the ballot box in an attempt to halt the voting, was criticised by the opposition parties who accused the Conservatives of discouraging youth from voting. Conservative candidate Wally Daudrich had posted on his Facebook page that Barack Obama was the \"worst president that America has ever had\" as well as \"the biggest lying president America has ever had\". His comments were primarily motivated by the candidate's stance on abortion, with him being against certain aspects of the President's health-care reform bill. After his post became widely publicized he deleted the comment. Conservative leader Stephen Harper refused to admonish the candidate, stating instead that he and Obama \"have a very good working relationship\".Brad Trost, the Conservative incumbent for Saskatoon—Humboldt, spoke at a Saskatchewan Pro-life Association convention and told the audience that the government had denied funding to Planned Parenthood. Prime Minister Stephen Harper did not comment on Trost's remarks, instead stating that the Conservative Party does not intend to reopen the abortion debate in Parliament.Conservative Candidate Wai Young (Vancouver South) came under fire for being endorsed by the man acquitted in the Air India bombing, Ripudaman Singh Malik, Young said she had no idea that Malik was involved with the Khalsa School.Conservatives condemned a Liberal television ad which wrongly quoted Harper saying he would scrap the Canada Health Act. This was actually a quote from a National Citizens Coalition colleague of Harper's. The Liberals replaced the quote, which they had found misattributed to Harper in a Globe and Mail story, with another one of Harper's statements about health care that they said delivered the same message.Michael Ignatieff criticized Conservative candidates for not attending local debates. Later Ignatieff said that he would not attend the debates in his riding because of his duties to campaign nationally as party leader. Stephen Harper also planned not to be attending any debates in his riding because he would be campaigning nationally.A Liberal campaign volunteer for Joe Volpe in Eglinton—Lawrence was caught on camera removing Green Party pamphlets from mailboxes, throwing them away, and replacing them with Liberal campaign materials, as Volpe looked on. Tampering with mail is a criminal offence in Canada. Volpe has since fired the worker, but only after being caught on camera standing next to the worker as he committed these actions. On April 29, 2011, a retired police officer told the Sun News Network and the Toronto Sun newspaper that in 1996, Layton had been found naked in a massage parlour when police, looking for underage prostitutes, raided the establishment. The police informed Layton of the potentially questionable use of the business and recommended that he avoid it in the future. No charges were laid. The Sun later ran a follow-up piece, in which Toronto city councillor Giorgio Mammoliti criticized Layton. Layton has said there was no wrongdoing in the matter, saying that he simply \"went for a massage at a community clinic\" and did not return after the police advised him not to. He also referred to the release of the police report as a smear campaign against him. Bloc Québécois leader Gilles Duceppe has also dismissed the claim. A subsequent Toronto Star column stated that most contributors to online discussions agreed there was a smear campaign against Layton. As for political damage from this story, that same day's update of the Nanos Leadership Index, which assesses public opinion on the Canadian federal leaders’ trustworthiness, competence and vision for Canada, Layton rose from 80% to 97%, surpassing Harper at 88% and Ignatieff 39%. The polling company speculated this improvement is due to strong sympathy by the public for a political candidate they judged as being unfairly maligned. Toronto Police have launched an investigation into how official police notes were leaked to Sun Media. Police notebooks are closely guarded and may contain unfounded and unproven allegations.↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ 53.0 53.1 ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus319.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reactions_to_the_death_of_Osama_bin_Laden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On May 2, 2011, United States President Barack Obama confirmed that al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden had been killed in his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan. Bin Laden's death was welcomed throughout much of the world as a fitting end to a figure who had inspired mass bloodshed, and a positive and significant turning point in the fight against al-Qaeda and related groups. Those who welcomed it included the United Nations, European Union, NATO, and some nations in Asia, Africa, Oceania, South America, and the Middle East, including Yemen, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, India, Israel, Indonesia, Somalia, Philippines, Turkey, Iraq, Australia, Argentina, and the rebel Libyan Republic.His killing was condemned, however, by the Hamas administration of the Gaza Strip, the Muslim Brotherhood, and the Taliban. Iran and the Muslim Brotherhood opined that bin Laden's death removed \"the last excuse\" for western forces to remain in the Middle East, and urged their withdrawal. The monitoring of Jihadist websites after bin Laden's death, by intelligence agency SITE, revealed encouragement of attacks in retaliation for his killing."@en .corpus319.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_B._Webb> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Marshall Bradley \"Brad\" Webb (born November 27, 1961) is a United States Air Force lieutenant general who currently serves as the Commander, NATO Special Operations Forces HQ.     Prior to his current assignment, he served as the Assistant Commanding General of Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). As the Assistant Commanding General of JSOC, Webb was involved in the operation to kill Osama bin Laden. Webb was seated by President Barack Obama in the White House Situation Room during the mission.  He later served as Director of Plans, Programs, Requirements, and Assessments, U.S. Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC)."@en .corpus319.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegations_of_support_system_in_Pakistan_for_Osama_bin_Laden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Allegations of a support system in Pakistan for Osama bin Laden have been made both before and after Osama bin Laden was found living in a compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan and was killed by a team of United States Navy SEALs on May 2, 2011. The United States had direct evidence that the ISI chief, Lt. Gen. Ahmed Shuja Pasha, knew of Bin Laden’s presence in Abbottabad, Pakistan.The compound itself was located just half a mile from Pakistan’s premier military training academy in Abbottabad.In the aftermath of bin Laden's capture and death, U.S. President Barack Obama asked Pakistan to investigate the network that sustained bin Laden. \"We think that there had to be some sort of support network for bin Laden inside of Pakistan,\" Obama said in a 60 Minutes interview with CBS News. He also added that U.S. was not sure \"who or what that support network was.\" In addition to this, in an interview to Time magazine, CIA Director Leon Panetta stated that U.S. officials did not alert Pakistani counterparts to the raid because they feared the terrorist leader would be warned.According to Fred Burton, vice-president of the global intelligence firm Stratfor, officials of ISI, Pakistani military, along with one retired Pakistani military general, had knowledge of the arrangements made for bin Laden and safe house. Bin Laden's compound was razed that day at his Abbottabad safe house.David Ignatius in Washington Post referred to the claim of the former ISI chief General Ziauddin Butt that the Abbottabad compound was used by Intelligence Bureau and noted that a report in the Pakistani press in December had quoted him as saying that Osama's stay at Abbottabad was arranged by Brigadier (retired) Ijaz Shah, senior ISI officer and the head of the Intelligence Bureau during 2004-2008, on Pervez Musharraf's orders. Later Butt denied making any such statement."@en .corpus319.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_L._Christensen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dana Lewis Christensen (born March 23, 1951) is an American lawyer and judge who serves on the United States District Court for the District of Montana. Appointed by Barack Obama, Christensen was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 5, 2011 and received his commission the following day."@en .corpus319.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgardo_Ramos> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edgardo Ramos (born 1960) is an American lawyer and judge who serves on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Appointed by Barack Obama, Ramos was confirmed unanimously  by the United States Senate on December 5, 2011 and received his commission the following day."@en .corpus32.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Fischer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stanley \"Stan\" Fischer (Hebrew: סטנלי פישר‎; born October 15, 1943) is an economist and the vice chair of the U.S. Federal Reserve System. Born in Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia), he holds dual citizenship in Israel and the United States. He served as governor of the Bank of Israel from 2005 to 2013. He previously served as chief economist at the World Bank. On January 10, 2014, United States President Barack Obama nominated Fischer to be Vice-Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board of Governors."@en .corpus32.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry_Everybody> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sorry Everybody was a website created after the 2004 United States presidential election, which invited U.S. citizens to apologize to the world in advance for the actions of George W. Bush in the next four years. Its most prominent feature was the gallery, which contains images submitted by visitors holding various apology notes. The website became massively popular in the aftermath of the presidential elections, leading some Bush supporters to create spinoffs to express they were not sorry.The website was created by James Zetlen, an American neuroscience student who was at the time in the third year of his undergraduate program at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. The first photo was taken by Zetlen of himself, in his home in Los Angeles on November 3, 2004, just after the concession of John Kerry in the 2004 U.S. presidential election (which had been held a day earlier, on November 2, 2004). Zetlen's photo inspired thousands more similar contributions from U.S. citizens, and he compiled a gallery of 8,000 of these photos on his website and published a 256-page book containing approximately 1,000 of them, entitled Sorry Everybody: An Apology to the World for the Re-election of George W. Bush.After Barack Obama's victory in the 2008 presidential election, the title of the site changed to \"Hello Everybody\", and Zetlen invited submissions again--this time of celebratory pictures of Americans reintroducing themselves to the world."@en .corpus32.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strath_Haven_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Strath Haven High School is a four-year public high school in Wallingford, Delaware County, Pennsylvania serving the Township of Nether Providence and the Boroughs of Rose Valley, Rutledge, and  Swarthmore, as well as the communities of South Media, Garden City, and sections of Morton.  The school is accredited by the Middle States Association and was awarded the National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence by the Department of Education in 2002. The student body numbers roughly 1200.  The school is led by principal Dr. Mary Jo Yannacone, who was promoted from assistant principal in March 2005 when Albert Bichner became the Superintendent of High Schools for the School District of Philadelphia. The school is the product of a merger between the former Swarthmore High School and Nether Providence High School. In 1983, the two schools combined to become Strath Haven, based at the newer Nether Providence campus. The school was named after the Thomas Leiper Estate -- called Stwauthhwavener—a Registered Historic Place in Nether Providence. This was in turn named after Strathaven, Scotland where Thomas Leiper was born.  It is the sole high school in the Wallingford-Swarthmore School District.  The 1984 graduating class was the charter class of Strath Haven High School. Strath Haven is also noted for its burgeoning musical scene.  During the 2008 presidential primary season, on April 2, 2008, Barack Obama held a town meeting in the school's gym. On November 2, 2008, the school hosted the Republican nominee, John McCain."@en .corpus320.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Obama_Story> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Obama Story: The Boy with the Biggest Dream! (Korean: 오바마 이야기: 세상에서 가장 큰 꿈을 꾼 아이) is a manhwa that is a biography of Barack Obama. T. S. Lee wrote and illustrated the book. Janet Jaywan Shin created the English translation from the original Korean. In the U.S., J.E Chae and Brittany Pogue-Mohammed edited that country's version.Dasan Books, a Korean publisher, published the story under the U.S. imprint Joyful Stories Press, an imprint for younger readers. The Obama Story was scheduled for release in the U.S. in English on April 21, 2009. The book covers Obama from his childhood to the 2008 U.S. Presidential Election. The publication of the book was later delayed."@en .corpus320.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_Mississippi_River_floods> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Mississippi River floods in April and May 2011 were among the largest and most damaging recorded along the U.S. waterway in the past century, comparable in extent to the major floods of 1927 and 1993.  In April 2011, two major storm systems deposited record levels of rainfall on the Mississippi River watershed.  When that additional water combined with the springtime snowmelt, the river and many of its tributaries began to swell to record levels by the beginning of May.  Areas along the Mississippi itself experiencing flooding include Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana.  U.S. President Barack Obama declared the western counties of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Mississippi federal disaster areas. For the first time in 37 years, the Morganza Spillway was opened on May 14, deliberately flooding 4,600 square miles (12,000 km2) of rural Louisiana to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans.Fourteen people were killed in Arkansas, with 392 killed across seven states in the preceding storms. Thousands of homes were ordered evacuated, including over 1,300 in Memphis, Tennessee, and more than 24,500 in Louisiana and Mississippi state, though some people disregarded mandatory evacuation orders. As of May 2011, up to 13% of U.S. petroleum refinery output is expected to be disrupted by flood levels exceeding historical records in several locations, with gasoline prices expected to rise. The flood crested in Memphis on May 10 and artificially crested in southern Louisiana on May 15, a week earlier than it would have if spillways had not been opened. The United States Army Corps of Engineers stated that an area in Louisiana between Simmesport and Baton Rouge was expected to be inundated with 20–30 feet (6.1–9.1 m) of water.  Baton Rouge, New Orleans, and many other river towns are threatened, but officials stressed that they should be able to avoid catastrophic flooding.From April 14–16, the storm system responsible for one of the largest tornado outbreaks in U.S. history also produced large amounts of rainfall across the southern and midwestern United States. Two more storm systems, each with heavy rain and tornadoes, hit in the third week of April. In the fourth week of April, from April 25–28, another, even more extensive and deadly storm system passed through the Mississippi Valley dumping more rainfall resulting in deadly flash floods. The unprecedented extensive rainfall from these four storms, combined with springtime snow melt from the Upper Midwest, created the perfect situation for a 500-year flood along the Mississippi."@en .corpus320.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Situation_Room> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Situation Room is a photograph captured by White House photographer Pete Souza in its namesake, the White House Situation Room, at 4:06 pm on May 1, 2011. The photograph shows President of the United States Barack Obama along with his national security team, receiving live updates from Operation Neptune Spear, which led to the killing of Osama bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda."@en .corpus320.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Barack_Obama_presidential_campaign_endorsements,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of notable people or groups who formally endorsed or voiced support for President Barack Obama's 2012 presidential re-election campaign during the Democratic Party primaries and the general election."@en .corpus320.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Indiana,_1996> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1996 United States presidential election in Indiana took place on November 5, 1996 throughout all 50 states and D.C.. Voters chose 12 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Indiana was won by Senator Bob Dole (R-KS). The presidential contest in Indiana was not a surprise, with Dole winning 47.13% to 41.55% over  President Bill Clinton (D) by a margin of 5.58%. Billionaire businessman Ross Perot (Reform Party of the United States of America-TX) finished in third with a significant 10.50% of the popular vote in Indiana. Indiana would stay a Republican state until 2008, in which Barack Obama won by a close margin, the first Democratic victory in Indiana since 1964."@en .corpus320.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Attorney_for_the_Western_District_of_Oklahoma> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Attorney for the Western District of Oklahoma is the chief federal law enforcement officer in forty Oklahoma counties. The U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma has jurisdiction over all cases prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney. Sanford Coats, who was appointed by Barack Obama in 2009 is the U.S. Attorney for the District."@en .corpus320.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jobs_tax_credit> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The New Jobs tax credit was a tax credit policy created as part of the 1977 stimulus package enacted by the Carter administration and was in effect through 1978. The tax credit acted as a form of wage subsidy by granting employers a tax credit for making new hires. In 1979, the credit was not renewed and it was ultimately perceived as a failure due to poor execution and lack of exposure.As written in the Tax Reduction and Simplification Act of 1977, the tax credit offered fifty percent of the first $4,200 in wages per employee for increases in employment of at least two percent over the previous year.In early 2010, there was renewed interest in duplicating the original 1977 tax credit in legislation proposed by Barack Obama. The proposed tax credit was renamed and included in the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act."@en .corpus320.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_Obama_on_Death_of_Osama_bin_Laden_(SPOOF)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"President Obama on Death of Osama bin Laden (SPOOF)\" is Iman Crosson's spoof video posted to the YouTube video sharing website, including a spoof of U.S. President Barack Obama's May 1, 2011 speech announcing the death of Osama bin Laden. The video is the basis of the rap music single \"Momentous Day.\"The video was produced by actor-impressionist and dancer Iman Crosson and posted on YouTube three days after Obama's speech. Crosson's video includes a spoken explanatory introduction followed by a spoof of Obama's speech. The spoof includes comedic dancing, and presents the speech in rap music form, sometimes covering topics from Obama's speech with references to contemporary memes.Popular and critical reaction focused on the video's humor and on Crosson's impersonation. Additionally, CBS News' Bailey Johnson said that Crosson's version of the speech \"seems to perfectly capture the national mood,\" and Al Jazeera 's \"Listening Post\" stated that Crosson's satirical interpretation \"cuts through the usual diplomatic platitudes and delivers - what seems to be - a more honest ... account of what happened.\"  CQ Roll Call Daily Briefing Editor David Hawkings remarked that the video \"skewered the president’s 'no drama' affect and at the same time captured the mood of the country in the days after the Abbottobad raid.\""@en .corpus320.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13514> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13514 is an executive order titled Federal Leadership in Environmental, Energy, and Economic Performance that U.S. President Barack Obama issued on October 5, 2009.This executive order mandates that at least 15 percent of existing federal buildings and leases meet Energy Efficiency Guiding Principles by 2015, and that annual progress be made toward 100 percent conformance of all federal buildings, with a goal of 100% of all new federal buildings achieving zero-net-energy by 2030. The U.S. government is the largest consumer of energy in America. It has roughly 500,000 buildings, and most of these buildings are energy-inefficient. Fifteen percent of 500,000 buildings is 75,000 buildings.The executive order states that \"the Federal Government must lead by example ... increase energy efficiency; measure, report, and reduce their greenhouse gas emissions from direct and indirect activities ... design, construct, maintain, and operate high performance sustainable buildings in sustainable locations; strengthen the vitality and livability of the communities in which Federal facilities are located; and inform Federal employees about and involve them in the achievement of these goals.\"\"Zero-net-energy building\" is defined in Executive Order 13514 as \"a building that is designed, constructed, and operated to require a greatly reduced quantity of energy to operate, meet the balance of energy needs from sources of energy that do not produce greenhouse gases, and therefore result in no net emissions of greenhouse gases and be economically viable\"."@en .corpus321.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Text_Publishing> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Text Publishing is an independent Australian publisher of fiction and non-fiction. Its authors include Helen Garner, Barack Obama, Tim Flannery, Kate Grenville, Graeme Simsion, Peter Temple, Herman Koch, Lionel Shriver, Carlos Ruiz Zafón, among many others.Text was founded in Melbourne in the early 1990s by Diana Gribble and Eric Beecher. When parent company Text Media was taken over by Fairfax Media, Text entered into a joint venture with Scottish publisher Canongate. Maureen and Tony Wheeler, founders of Lonely Planet, bought Canongate's share in Text in 2011.In 2012, Text launched a series of Australian classics, republishing out of print works that had been, for the most part, lost to literary history."@en .corpus321.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_L._Carter,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Andrew Lamar Carter, Jr. (born 1969) is an American lawyer and District Judge who serves on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Appointed by Barack Obama, Carter has served on the court since December 8, 2011."@en .corpus321.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offaly_Independent> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Offaly Independent is a newspaper that covers Tullamore, Ireland and the surrounding area. It is published by Celtic Media Group.The newspaper temporarily changed its name to the Obama Independent for its June 20, 2011, edition to commemorate U.S. President Barack Obama's visit to Moneygall Ireland. The issue was intended to be a special souvenir edition of the president's visit to County Offaly. It was the first time the newspaper had changed the name on its masthead in 119 years."@en .corpus321.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environmental_governance_in_Brazil> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Environmental governance is a concept in environmental policy that steers markets, technology and society towards achieving the goal of sustainability. It considers social, economic and environmental aspects in the decision making of its policies.Brazil is currently developing at an incredibly fast rate, only out-performed by countries such as China and India, both in terms of economic growth  and recovery rate after the global financial crisis in the late 2000s. The saying that “Brazil is the country of the future...and it always will be” has haunted Brazil for decades. But recent economic policy changes, made since the founding of the New Republic, have allowed Brazil to start gaining international confidence. This was epitomised when American President Barack Obama stated that “The people of Brazil should know that the future has arrived” during a visit to Rio de Janeiro in March 2011.. Brazil is also no longer referred to as a developing country, but as an emerging country, a newly industrialised country (NIC) and as a member of the BRIC economies. But with this fast economic growth rate comes huge responsibility in terms of sustainability. Brazil’s economic growth is supported by the huge demand of natural resources from China, resources that Brazil has in abundance. Brazil is currently successfully matching the needs of China’s manufacturing industry and with huge investments currently being made to sustain this demand from China, Brazil is building new ports and airports and increasing the capacity of its current ones.However, this vast extraction of natural resources is coming at a price for the natural environment. Former Environment Minister Marina Silva resigned in 2008 as she felt the Brazilian government was prioritizing the interests of big businesses and the economy, and felt she was fighting a losing battle to protect many of Brazil’s natural environments, including the Amazon Rainforest.Despite these claims, Brazil has been praised for its environmental sustainability efforts and attempts to reduce its carbon emissions. The Brazilian government created the Ministry of the Environment (MMA) in 1985 and following this, organisations have been created, such as IBAMA in 1989, with the aim to protect the natural environment. Brazil has also taken a front seat with regards to global environmental governance by jointly creating and presiding the Megadiverse Like-Minded Countries Group, which includes 70% of the world’s living biodiversity and 45% of the world’s population."@en .corpus321.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Agresta> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kirsten Agresta  is an American harpist based in New York City.  She received her Bachelor and Master of Music degrees from Indiana University Bloomington in Harp Performance.  Agresta was Bronze Medal winner in the 1989 USA International Harp Competition. She is an Affiliated Artist on the music faculty at Sarah Lawrence College.Her debut album, Dream World was released in August, 2001.Agresta has performed as a solo artist throughout the United States, Europe, South America, Israel, Japan, and the South Pacific.  She made her Carnegie Hall solo recital debut in 1998 in Weill Concert Hall, returning again by popular demand in 1999, and 2002.  Agresta debuted as concerto soloist in Isaac Stern Auditorium in April, 2006 and at Lincoln Center Avery Fisher Hall in May, 2009.  She has appeared in People (Magazine) and presented on NBC, CBS, and ABC-TV, MTV, Saturday Night Live, Late Night with David Letterman, \"The Early Show\" and the Today Show.Commanding a wide range of genres, Agresta has collaborated with many hip hop, R&B, and pop icons, including Jay-Z, Beyoncé Knowles, Enya, Kanye West, Alicia Keys and The Roots. She is featured on the Erykah Badu album New Amerykah Part Two: Return of the Ankh on the hit single \"Window Seat\" and \"Incense\". She can also be heard on several tracks of electronica/producer Bonobo's album \"The North Borders\".She can also be heard on numerous movie soundtracks, including \"Night At The Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian\", \"Sex and the City 2\" and \"The Tempest\".Agresta had the honor of performing for U.S. President Barack Obama at the second official White House State Dinner (honoring Mexican President Felipe Calderón) with R&B icon Beyoncé.  She appears on  \"Live from Roseland: Elements of 4\", a DVD of performance with Beyoncé at Roseland Ballroom in New York City. Agresta also took the stage with Jay-Z at Carnegie Hall for two performances, benefiting the United Way and the Shawn Carter Scholarship Foundation in February, 2012.She has also privately performed for notable officials and dignitaries, such as: Her Majesty Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, Her Majesty Queen Silvia of Sweden, Her Majesty Queen Rania Al-Abdullah of Jordan, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, and former U.S. Vice President Al Gore.Agresta is a Board Member of the World Harp Congress, Voting Member of NARAS, former Regional Director of the American Harp Society, and a member of ASCAP."@en .corpus321.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Dickinson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tim Dickinson is an American political correspondent. Based in Portland, Oregon, he is a contributing editor to Rolling Stone. His article \"Machinery of Hope\" about U.S. president Barack Obama's 2008 political campaign was anthologized in The Best American Political Writing 2008 (Public Affairs). His other work includes six years as an editor of Mother Jones magazine, and as a writer for Outside, Wired, and local San Francisco magazines."@en .corpus321.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Gets_Better:_Coming_Out,_Overcoming_Bullying,_and_Creating_a_Life_Worth_Living> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "It Gets Better: Coming Out, Overcoming Bullying, and Creating a Life Worth Living is a non-fiction compilation book, edited by Dan Savage and his husband, Terry Miller. It was published March 22, 2011 by Dutton. The book includes selections of essays inspired by the It Gets Better Project, founded by Savage. He decided to start the project after a series of incidents of suicide among LGBT youth. Individuals were encouraged to submit videos with a message of hope and optimism for teenagers who were victims of bullying due to their sexual orientation. Over 100 essays are contained in the book. Contributors include finance advisor, Suze Orman; comedic writer, David Sedaris; United States Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton; and President of the United States, Barack Obama.Sales of the book were successful, and IndieBound reported it reached a list of bestsellers in the United States less than one week after publication. It reached The New York Times Best Seller list in April 2011. The Chicago Sun-Times noted that the book \"features handpicked and heartfelt essays from contributors famous and obscure, gay and straight.\""@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Petry> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Leroy Arthur Petry (born 29 July 1979) is a retired United States Army soldier and recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for actions in 2008 during Operation Enduring Freedom.Born in Santa Fe, New Mexico, Petry had an active youth, and joined the Army after high school. Completing the Ranger Indoctrination Program, he saw extensive deployments to both Iraq and Afghanistan as a member of the 2nd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment. On 26 May 2008 during his seventh deployment, Petry was a member of a team on a mission to capture a Taliban target in Paktia Province. Despite being wounded in both legs by gunfire, Petry continued to fight and give orders. When a grenade landed between him and two other soldiers, Petry grabbed it and attempted to throw it away from them when it exploded, saving the soldiers' lives but severing his right hand.Petry, who now wears a prosthesis, became the second recent living recipient of the medal for the war in Afghanistan when he received the award from U.S. President Barack Obama in 2011. Opting to reenlist in spite of his wounds, Petry remained on active duty in the U.S. Army until his retirement on July 29, 2014."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Beinecke> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Frances Beinecke is the former president of the Natural Resources Defense Council, the nonprofit conservation group, serving since 2006.She was appointed by President Barack Obama to the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling. She currently serves on the boards of the World Resources Institute, the Energy Future Coalition, the Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions, and Conservation International's Center for Environmental Leadership in Business. She previously served on the boards of the Wilderness Society, the China-U.S. Center for Sustainable Development, and the New York League of Conservation Voters.Beinecke received a bachelor's degree from Yale College and a master's degree from the Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies.In 2007, Beinecke was awarded the prestigious Rachel Carson Award, a premier award which honors distinguished female leaders impacting the environmental world."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Savage_bibliography> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American author Dan Savage (born 1964) has written six books, op-ed pieces in The New York Times, and an advice column on sexual issues in The Stranger (an alternative newspaper from Seattle, Washington). A graduate of the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, Savage began contributing a column, Savage Love, to The Stranger from its inception in 1991. By 1998 his column had a readership of four million. He was Associate Editor at the newspaper from 1991 to 2001, when he became its editor-in-chief, later becoming its editorial director in 2007.Savage's books have had successful sales results and have been generally well received. Savage Love: Straight Answers from America's Most Popular Sex Columnist was published in 1998 and features selections from his advice column. His next book The Kid: What Happened After My Boyfriend and I Decided to Go Get Pregnant was published in 1999, and recounts his experiences with his boyfriend whilst deciding to adopt a child. The book received a PEN West Award for Excellence in Creative Nonfiction, and an Off-Broadway musical based on the work was the recipient of the BMI Foundation Jerry Bock Award for Excellence in Musical Theatre. Skipping Towards Gomorrah: The Seven Deadly Sins and the Pursuit of Happiness in America, published in 2002, describes the author's experiences indulging in the seven deadly sins. The book was featured in The Best American Sex Writing 2004, and won a Lambda Literary Award.Savage's 2005 book The Commitment: Love, Sex, Marriage, and My Family, recounting his personal experience deciding to marry his partner Terry Miller and analyzing same-sex marriage, reached The New York Times Best Seller list, and Nielsen BookScan noted it sold approximately 300,000 copies. After founding the It Gets Better Project in 2010 to reach out to teenagers after incidents of suicide among LGBT youth, his edited compilation of submissions It Gets Better: Coming Out, Overcoming Bullying, and Creating a Life Worth Living was published in 2011. The book features notable contributors, including David Sedaris, Hillary Clinton, and Barack Obama. Sales of the book were successful, and IndieBound reported it reached a list of best-sellers in the United States less than one week after publication. It reached 16th on The New York Times Best Seller list in April 2011. Savage collaborated with Lindy West, Christopher Frizzelle, and Bethany Jean Clement on a college guide, How to Be a Person, which was published in 2012. His 2013 book American Savage reflects on Savage's experiences throughout the founding of the It Gets Better Project and was well received by The Washington Post and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_New_England_tornado_outbreak> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2011 New England tornado outbreak occurred on Wednesday, June 1, 2011, in Massachusetts' Connecticut River Valley and also in southern Maine, devastating sections of the large city of Springfield, Massachusetts and its surrounding region. Although the vast majority of damage occurred in the Connecticut River Valley, the tornado outbreak spawned 6 tornadoes across New England, affecting both the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the State of Maine.By 9:47 pm EDT, the violent storms—which included seven reported tornadoes—had killed three people, injured 300 people in Springfield alone, and left over 500 people homeless in Springfield's MassMutual Center arena.  More than 48,000 electricity customers lost power.  Because of the severe weather and resulting damage, Governor Deval Patrick declared a state of emergency for Massachusetts, and on June 14, 2011, President Barack Obama declared Springfield and the surrounding region a United States Federal disaster area. Governor Patrick also activated 1,000 National Guard troops for rescue and recovery efforts."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Ruemmler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kathryn \"Kathy\"  Ruemmler (born April 19, 1971) is an attorney who formerly served as White House Counsel to President Barack Obama. She previously worked as Principal Deputy White House Counsel."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embassy_of_Slovenia_in_Washington,_D.C.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Embassy of the Republic of Slovenia in Washington, D.C. is the official representative body of the Slovene Government in the United States of America. The embassy which is located at 2410 California Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20008 in Kalorama neighborhood is also accredited for United Mexican States. The consular assistance is provided also by the consulates of the Republic of Slovenia in the USA and Mexico.The current Ambassador of the Republic of Slovenia to the United States is Božo Cerar. Ambassador Cerar Presented Letter of Credence to the U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday, September 17, 2013."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo_Towers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The The Michelangelo Hotel is a hotel building in Sandton, South Africa. It is one of South Africa's elite hotels,having accommodated guests such as Oprah Winfrey, Gayle King, Mariah Carey, J-Cole, Kanye West, Lady Gaga, Adam Lambert, Justin Bieber, Michelle Obama, and most recently United States President Barack Obama just to name a few."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Security_assurance> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A security assurance, in the context of nuclear warfare, is an expression of a political position by a nuclear-armed nation intended to placate other non-nuclear-armed nations. There are two types of security assurance: positive and negative. A positive assurance states that the nation giving it will aid any, or a particular, non-nuclear-armed nation in retaliation, should it be a victim of nuclear attack. A negative assurance is not the opposite of this, but instead means that a nuclear-armed nation has promised not to use nuclear weapons, except in retaliation for a nuclear attack against themselves. See also No first use.Security assurances are a key part of nuclear diplomacy, and since they are statements of intent - not guarantees - they are based entirely on trust and the threat of retaliation should they be broken. Thus, Security Assurances have been issued and changed over time, and are vital tools in the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). U.S. President Barack Obama modified the specific conditions of the US Negative Security Assurance on 6 April 2010 citing \"the importance of nations meeting their NPT and nuclear non-proliferation obligations.\".China is so far the only nation to issue a positive security assurance in April 1995, at the same time it issued a negative security assurance. China stated that despite its willingness to use nuclear weapons, it \"[should] not in any way be construed as endorsing the use of nuclear weapons.\" The dichotomy of such a position has led for calls to make more use of protocols attached to NWFZ (nuclear-weapon-free zone) treaties, instead of generalized security assurances."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Federation_Against_Drugs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "World Federation Against Drugs (WFAD) is a multilateral community with a growing number non-governmental organizations from different parts of the world (118 organizations in 44 countries in June 2014). WFAD has also individuals as members, many of them personally involved in work against drug abuse, who support the aims of the organisation. The 1st World Forum Against Drugs was hosted in Sweden in 2008 by a group of Swedish non-Government organizations. An outcome of the first forum was the founding of WFAD in 2009 and to organize the 2nd World Forum Against Drugs in 2010. The start of WFAD had, in 2009, moral support from the US President George W BushThe aim of WFAD is to work toward a \"drug-free\" world. The members of the WFAD share a common concern that illicit drug use is threatening the existence of stable families, communities and government institutions throughout the world. WFAD has its head office in Stockholm. WFAD opposes legalization of cannabis and other recreational drugs.  WFAD further  opposes activities like injection rooms for heroin addicts on evidence-based grounds and advocates that the nations must adhere to the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs 1961.The WFAD organized, in 2012, the 3rd World Forum Against Drugs WFAD also operates a website on which it frequently publishes news about the work against drug abuse in different countries.One of many key speakers at the World Forums Against Drugs was R. Gil Kerlikowske, U.S. President Barack Obama's \"drug czar\". At the 3rd World Forum Against Drugs in Stockholm May 2012 was a declaration \"for a humane and balanced drug policy\" signed by him as representative of the U.S. Government along with representatives of Italy, the Russian Federation, Sweden and the United Kingdom."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_M._Harrigan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Thomas M. Harrigan is the Chief of Operations for the United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and has been a DEA Special Agent for nearly 25 years.  He was nominated by President Barack Obama to the position of DEA Deputy Administrator on February 18, 2011. He was confirmed as DEA Deputy Administrator by the United States Senate on March 29, 2012.He was appointed as DEA's Chief of Operations in 2008 and is a principal advisor to DEA Administrator Michele M. Leonhart on all enforcement-related matters."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rodney_Gilstrap> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Rodney Gilstrap (born 1957) is an American lawyer and judge who serves on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. Appointed by President Barack Obama, Gilstrap was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 5, 2011 and received his commission the following day."@en .corpus322.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Goodman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carolyn Goldmark Goodman (born March 25, 1939) is an American politician. She is the mayor of Las Vegas, Nevada since 2011. She is the wife of former mayor and attorney Oscar Goodman, and the second female mayor of Las Vegas.She earned a bachelor's degree in anthropology from Bryn Mawr College in 1961. Carolyn and her husband Oscar moved to Las Vegas from Philadelphia as newlyweds in 1964.  She graduated the University of Nevada, Las Vegas in 1973 with a master's degree in counseling. She is the founder, president and trustee emeritus of the Meadows School. On June 7, 2011, she was elected Mayor of Las Vegas with 60 percent of the vote; she assumed office on July 6, 2011.She received the 2009 Commitment to Education award from the United Way of Southern Nevada.On October 24, 2011, Carolyn Goodman greeted President Barack Obama at McCarran Airport. In regard to negative remarks President Obama made about Las Vegas two years earlier that had angered Goodman's husband Oscar, the previous mayor, she told Obama that \"the slate is brand new and clean,\" and gave him one of her lucky mayor chips as a gift. Carolyn and Oscar Goodman have four children and six grandchildren."@en .corpus323.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Calvin_Harrison> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Christopher Calvin Harrison (born July 11, 1961) is an American director/choreographer and Founder of AntiGravity, Inc..Christopher began developing his movement style as a tumbling specialist competing in the 1978 USSAF World Games and later as a dancer in Broadway productions. Since then, Harrison has spearheaded artistic projects ranging from original theatrical productions like AntiGravity: An American Band and AntiGravity’s Crash Test Dummies to events including the Inauguration of President Barack Obama and a segment of the closing ceremonies of the 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Olympics.In 1990, Harrison assembled a group of athletes, some of which were Olympic competitors, known as Team AntiGravity. His team, in collaboration with pop celebrities like No Doubt and P. Diddy, gained notoriety for performances in numerous entertainment industry award shows, including the Academy Awards, the Video Music Awards, and the Grammys. Harrison has directed productions for numerous international corporations, including Microsoft, Samsung, Google, Inc., and Marc Jacobs.He now works as an aerial designer for Broadway shows and the Metropolitan Opera, as well as director/choreographer for original theatrical productions including the AntiGravity Six-City Tour of Brazil.Harrison is also the creator of AntiGravity Aerial Yoga, a fitness technique that combines aerial arts and traditional yoga practices. He has franchised the program and introduces this technique at fitness centers on the world. Christopher Harrison's AntiGravity Lab is his studio in Midtown Manhattan, NYC."@en .corpus323.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Anastas> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul T. Anastas is the Director of Yale University's Center for Green Chemistry and Green Engineering,  Previously he served as the Science Advisor to the United States Environmental Protection Agency as well as the Agency's Assistant Administrator for Research and Development, appointed by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus323.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_W._Baker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Roger W. Baker was nominated by U.S. President Barack Obama to serve as the Assistant Secretary for Information and Technology for the Department of Veterans Affairs and subsequently confirmed by the United States Senate on May 18, 2009. As Assistant Secretary, Hon. Baker serves as the Chief Information Officer (CIO) for the Department, directly managing an organization of over 7,500 information technology (IT) professionals and a budget of over $4 billion.Prior to his appointment, Hon. Baker was most recently President and Chief Executive Officer of Dataline LLC, a mid-sized IT services and integration company based in Norfolk, VA.  Prior to joining Dataline, Hon. Baker was CIO at General Dynamics Information Technology, and Executive Vice President and general manager of the Telecommunications and Information Assurance business group for CACI International Inc..From 1998 to 2001, Hon. Baker was the CIO at the U.S. Department of Commerce, where he led efforts to convert old systems and processes to e-commerce, improve technology management, reduce costs, and create the Federal CIO position. Prior to his federal service, Hon. Baker had a successful career in high technology, helping to grow and sell three software/Internet companies.  He served as the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of BlueGill Technologies, a market leader in Internet Bill Presentment; as Vice President of Engineering and Operations at VISA International, where he was responsible for the creation and operation of the VISA Interactive Banking System; and as Vice President of Consulting and Services for Verdix Corporation.Hon. Baker has a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science and a Masters in Business Administration, both from the University of Michigan.Sourceshttp://www.va.gov/http://projects.washingtonpost.com/2009/federal-appointments/person/roger-baker/http://www.va.gov/OCA/testimony/hvac/soi/100519RWB.asphttp://fcw.com/articles/2010/03/22/federal-100-baker-roger.aspxhttp://veterans.senate.gov/hearings.cfm?action=release.display&release_id=a4286f0c-3ba9-4faa-830b-b9509622fde6http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20110517006361/en/VA-CIO-Roger-Baker-Receives-Prestigious-Johnhttp://gcn.com/articles/2010/10/18/gcn-awards-civilian-executive-roger-baker.aspx"@en .corpus323.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/African-American_Music_Appreciation_Month> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "African-American Music Appreciation Month is a celebration for African American Music every year in the month of June in the United States. It was originally started as Black Music Month by President Jimmy Carter, who on June 7, 1979, decreed that June would be the month of black music. Since then, presidents have announced to Americans to celebrate Black Music Month. For each year of his term, President Barack Obama has announced the observance under a new title, African-American Music Appreciation Month."@en .corpus323.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Brown_(impersonator)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Reginald D. \"Reggie\" Brown (born September 28, 1980) is an American comedic impersonator and look-alike of U.S. President Barack Obama.Reggie Brown is best known for the controversy surrounding his performance at the 2011 Republican Leadership Conference, his occasional television appearances, and his activity on YouTube."@en .corpus323.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Deserve_To_Know> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The You Deserve To Know campaign, launched by The Agenda Project, featured a video on YouTube criticizing President Barack Obama for speaking with the United States Chamber of Commerce without acknowledging its status as the largest lobbyist in the United States and confronting it about its vehement opposition to vital economic reform. Agenda Project founder Erica Payne explained the campaign by stating, \"The Chamber claims to speak for American business, but half of the Chamber's budget is paid for by 45 big corporations. The President is well aware that the Chamber is in actuality just a high priced lobbyist for a small number of corporations. I hardly think the President will restore our faith in government by fawning over the banks at the center of the financial crisis, oil companies like BP who destroyed the Gulf, and insurance companies who secretly funneled $10 million through the Chamber to fight insurance reform.\" The title of the video is a reference to the President's State of the Union address, during which he stated \"You deserve to know when your elected officials are meeting with lobbyists.\" This brief campaign garnered attention from news sources such as:USA TodayThe Huffington PostThe Washington PostMSNBC LiveThe New York Times↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus324.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langham_Research_Centre> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Langham Research Centre is a group devoted to authentic performances of classic electronic music, and the creation of new music from their instrumentarium of vintage analogue devices. Founded in August 2003, they comprise the composers / radio producers Felix Carey, Iain Chambers, Philip Tagney, and Robert Worby. Their new music follows in the traditions of the Radiophonic Workshop, using reel-to-reel tape machines, sine wave oscillators and other vintage machinery abandoned by the BBC.Radiophonic works include two editions of BBC Radio 3's Between The Ears: guest+host=ghost, featuring Peter Blegvad and Nick Cave; and Gateshead Multi-storey Carpark, featuring the infamous building from Get Carter.Live performances include an authentic tape-only version of John Cage's Fontana Mix at Tate Modern; John Cage's Williams Mix at Jerwood Space; live soundtrack to The Cabinet Of Dr. Caligari at Notting Hill Arts Club; Robert Worby's Trios for Sinewave Oscillator & John Cage's Radio Music and Imaginary Landscape at Tate Britain.In 2011 they performed a solo concert at Kettle's Yard, Cambridge, showcasing their new work LOL alongside an array of 20th century modernist classics.In March 2012 they took part in English National Opera's John Cage centenary celebrations, with an authentic electronic Cage performance at the MusiCircus staged at the Coliseum.The group headlined London's Cafe Oto in September 2012, with a programme celebrating John Cage's centenary, including the UK premiere of WBAI and Speech.Their work includes OBAMIX, a musique concrète chorale for treated soprano, setting extracts from 3 of Barack Obama's defining speeches. This premiered in February 2013 with soprano Alwynne Pritchard performing alongside Langham Research Centre at London's Kings Place. LRC have since performed OBAMIX at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, and at the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom.In March 2013, Langham Research Centre presented a new work, Eschatology, with Peter Blegvad at the Borealis festival in Bergen, Norway. Eschatology will receive its radio debut on 20th September, 2014 as a special live edition of Between The Ears, BBC Radio 3's experimental radio strand.In April 2013 LRC performed music by John Cage at London's Barbican Centre alongside pianist Ian Pace and mezzo soprano Catherine Carter, as part of the Barbican's Bride and the Bachelors exhibition, featuring the work of Marcel Duchamp, Cage, Jasper Johns and Robert Rauschenberg. In August 2013, Langham Research Centre presented a concert length musical theatre piece, Freedom or Death  commissioned by Borealis Festival to mark 100 years of women's suffrage in Norway. Performed by Langham Research Centre and Catherine Carter, the piece draws its libretto from Emmeline Pankhurst's 1913 speech, Freedom or Death, and is a semi-staged work with choreography by Marquez & Zangs.Langham Research Centre released John Cage - Early Electronic and Tape Music, an acclaimed LP/CD of new realisations of John Cage's music on the Sub Rosa label in April 2014. In May 2014, Ny Musikk Oslo commissioned Langham Research Centre to write a new work in response to J. G. Ballard's 1970 modernist novel, The Atrocity Exhibition. The piece - for amplified small sounds, sinewave oscillators and tape - was premiered at the 2014 Only Connect festival in Oslo, Norway."@en .corpus324.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafe_Solomon> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lafe E. Solomon was named the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB)'s Acting General Counsel on June 21, 2010 by President Barack Obama. His nomination to serve as general counsel was sent to the U.S. Senate on January 5, 2011. On August 1, 2013, President Obama withdrew his nomination, instead choosing to nominate Richard Griffin, Jr. for the position. The action came about as a result of a compromise between Senate Republicans and the White House concerning nominations to the NLRB.Solomon began his NLRB career as a field examiner in 1972. After pursuing a law degree, he returned to the Agency as an attorney in the Office of Appeals. He transferred to the Appellate Court Branch in 1979. Two years later, he joined the staff of former Board Member Don Zimmerman. He went on to work for another nine Board Members, including Donald Dotson, Robert Hunter, John Higgins, James Stephens, Mary Cracraft, John Raudabaugh, William Gould, Sarah Fox and Wilma Liebman.A native of Helena, Arkansas, Solomon received a B.A. degree in Economics from Brown University in 1970 and a J.D. from Tulane University in 1976."@en .corpus324.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Kyle_Hatcher> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brendan Kyle Hatcher is a United States diplomat who was called \"the most closely surveilled American in Russia\" by ABC News Investigative Reporter Brian Ross in a September 2009 investigative report.  Hatcher gained notoriety in August 2009 after the Russian tabloid Komsomolskaya Pravda, a newspaper which Russian intelligence expert Andrei Soldatov ties to the Federal Security Services (FSB) of the Russian Federation, showed a fake video  of him while accusing him of being an undercover CIA agent in Russia.  The media reports were quickly condemned by investigating authorities in the U.S. as fabricated.According to Eli Lake of The Washington Times, Hatcher became one of several American diplomats and journalists to be attacked and falsely accused between 2007 and 2011 after the Obama Administration's \"reset\" with Russia.  Hatcher served as Political Officer who worked to promote human rights and freedom of religion in Russia from 2008 to 2010. He was awarded in June 2010 by the State Department for his \"courage and character, commitment to excellence, and support of human rights and religious freedom in spite of exceedingly difficult circumstances and personal hardship.\"  As part of his job, Hatcher would meet with opposition figures, government officials, NGOs, journalists, and religious leaders to promote human rights and religious equality. Hatcher was fully exonerated by the media and State Department, and he was lauded by his colleagues for heroism.On August 6, 2009, Russian media sources with links to the FSB (the successor organization to the infamous KGB of the Soviet Union) released real video images and pictures of Hatcher that had been spliced with images of another person.  The doctored images emerged just one month after the first presidential summit between U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev which prominently featured discussions on human rights and corruption. The Ambassador of the Embassy of the United States in Moscow, John Beyrle, issued a formal protest to the Russian government, stating that the Russian media reports about Hatcher were completely untrue and had no place in the development of better relations between the two superpowers.  Despite Beyrle's protest, neither Hatcher nor the U.S government received an apology from Russian officials for the \"smear campaign.\"On September 23, 2009, ABC News ran an investigative piece on Nightline concerning the \"smear campaign\" against Hatcher, including the interview with Ambassador Beyrle. During the interview, Beyrle stated that Hatcher was 100% innocent of any wrongdoing.  Beyrle had previously awarded Hatcher in May 2009 for his success in promoting freedom of religion and human rights in Russia, and commented that an element in Russia had attacked Hatcher to discredit him and his work as well as prevent the two countries from developing closer ties.  Soldatov further noted that only Russian intelligence agents would be interested in smearing Hatcher to force his dismissal from Russia.In the course of the segment, retired FBI Counterintelligence Officer and KGB expert David Majors pointed out that the video segments had been doctored to smear Hatcher and to reduce his effectiveness at his job.  Major pointed out obvious flaws in the video sequence and assessed that the false media reports were a \"dirty trick,\" constituting a failed attempt to frame Hatcher and ruin his reputation as a change agent in the human rights activist community.On September 24, 2009, State Department spokesperson Ian Kelly called Hatcher “one of our best” diplomats, and confirmed that Hatcher had been smeared with false media reports to discredit his work promoting human rights and religious freedom. Kelly noted that the State Department deplored this type of activity by the Russians at a time when diplomats like Hatcher were working to improve bilateral relations.Prior to his service in the diplomatic corps, Hatcher served as an intelligence analyst with the Department of the Treasury, Office of Intelligence and Analysis, where he focused on fighting the sources of terrorism financing. In the summer of 2004, Hatcher conducted research for the Center for East Asian Studies in Vladivostok, Russia, where he focused on Russian attitudes towards Chinese migrants.  He later presented and published a paper detailing his findings, which included a scathing commentary about Russian racism and xenophobia. Prior to his research in Russia, Hatcher worked in the private sector as a business manager, and he served in the Peace Corps as a volunteer in Kazakhstan (part of the former Soviet Union) where he taught economics at the Taraz Polytechnical College in Taraz, Kazakhstan.  Former Soviet officials have long been skeptical of the Peace Corps as a cover for US spies, evidenced by Russia’s decision to kick out the Peace Corps in 2002.Hatcher hails from Nashville, Tennessee and attended Montgomery Bell Academy, famous as the source for the blockbuster film Dead Poets Society. In 1997, Hatcher graduated from the University of Georgia, which honored him as one of its top 40 under 40 graduates in 2013. In 2005, Hatcher received his masters from the Monterey Institute of International Studies (MIIS), where he delivered the student commencement address alongside Russian scientist Roald Sagdeev and philanthropist Susan Eisnehower. The U.S. Government honored him as a Presidential Management Fellow in 2005."@en .corpus324.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_New_Hampshire,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in New Hampshire took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. New Hampshire voters chose four electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.On election day, New Hampshire voters chose to re-elect President Barack Obama, giving Obama 51.98% of the vote to Mitt Romney's 46.40%, a Democratic victory margin of 5.58%."@en .corpus324.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_AntiSec> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Operation Anti-Security, also referred to as Operation AntiSec or #AntiSec, is a series of hacking attacks performed by members of hacking group LulzSec, the group Anonymous, and others inspired by the announcement of the operation. LulzSec performed the earliest attacks of the operation, with the first against the Serious Organised Crime Agency on 20 June 2011. Soon after, the group released information taken from the servers of the Arizona Department of Public Safety; Anonymous would later release information from the same agency two more times. An offshoot of the group calling themselves LulzSecBrazil launched attacks on numerous websites belonging to the Government of Brazil and the energy company Petrobras. LulzSec claimed to retire as a group, but on 18 July they reconvened to hack into the websites of British newspapers The Sun and The Times, posting a fake news story of the death of the publication's owner Rupert Murdoch.Anonymous released their first cache of the operation on 27 June 2011, taken from an anti-cyberterrorism program run by the United States Department of Homeland Security and Federal Emergency Management Agency. They continued attacks on the Arizona government. They also launched attacks against the governments of Brazil, Zimbabwe, and Tunisia. Their most recent attacks have been against large corporations, NATO, and various United States law enforcement websites. Anonymous has used the stolen credit card numbers of police officers to make unauthorized donations to various causes. Others have also committed hacks in the name of the operation, including a hack into the Fox News Twitter account to post a false news story about the assassination of President of the United States Barack Obama and attacks on the websites of government entities in various countries. The groups involved have published sensitive government and corporate information, as well as the email addresses, names, and social security numbers, and credit card numbers of website users.Law enforcement has launched investigations into many of the attacks committed as part of Operation AntiSec. At least seven arrests have been made in connection to activities related to the operation, including the arrests of two purported LulzSec members, a man who provided LulzSec with security vulnerability information, and four alleged members of AntiSec NL, a group inspired by the operation."@en .corpus324.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Budd> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Russell W. Budd is an American trial lawyer best known for representing plaintiffs claiming toxic and chemical exposure such as asbestos. He is president and managing shareholder of the law firm Baron & Budd, P.C. The firm is handling claims against BP stemming from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.Budd is an active figure in politics as a fund-raiser for the Democratic Party, and hosted such an event for President Barack Obama at his home outside Dallas, Texas in August 2010."@en .corpus324.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meebo_and_Zuky> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Meebo and Zuky is a comic strip in the British children's comic The Beano. It was introduced as one of three new strips in the Beano's Comic Idol competition, in June 2010, where the winner gets a permanent place in the comic. It was up against Home Invasion, about green aliens who want to invade Earth, and Uh, Oh, Si Co!, about a boy who'd get angry at the slightest annoyance. After three weeks of voting, the winner was announced to be Meebo & Zuky, so from the next week they were launched properly. It is drawn by Laura Howell, who has also drawn Beano Manga, Ratz and Johnny Bean from Happy Bunny Green for The Beano.The strip involves Meebo (a cat) and Zuky (a dog) who fight like cat and dog. The strip shares many characteristics with a number of older DC Thomson comic strips such as Kat and Kanary, from the Beano, and Puss 'n' Boots, from the Sparky. The strips often involve Meebo and Zuky being cruel to one other, usually for no reason or revenge. The strips make use of cartoon violence with cartoon decapitations and dismemberments being common making this strip probably the most violent one that has ever been in The Beano. There have been many complaints about a strip where Meebo kills Zuky and cleans up his remains. Zuky appeared in the next issue. The strip also occasionally parodies film genres and one strip featured Barack Obama. After Freddie Fear disappeared from The Beano in 2011, Meebo and Zuky is currently the only winner of a reader vote running in the Beano. They use a number of weapons to defeat each other, such as clubs, bombs, dynamite, steamrollers, pirahnas, sharks, mutant pirahna bees, and many others. Sometimes they trick each other into defeat, i.e., in issue 3627 (March 2012) Zuky acts as an estate agent which leads Meebo to defeat. Meebo and Zuky also have an ongoing feature in the sister comic BeanoMAX called Meebo & Zuky's History of Violence, also drawn by Laura Howell. It shows Meebo and Zuky being cruel to one another whilst showing history. It began in BeanoMAX issue 64 (May 2012)."@en .corpus324.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_D._Miller_(academic)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul D. Miller is an American academic, blogger, and former White House staffer for Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama.  He is the Associate Director of the Clements Center for History, Strategy, and Statecraft at the University of Texas at Austin. He is also an adjunct political scientist at the RAND Corporation, a former officer in the U.S. intelligence community and veteran of the war in Afghanistan."@en .corpus324.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humberto_Leal_Garcia> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Humberto Leal García, Jr. (January 16, 1973 – July 7, 2011) was a Mexican inmate on death row in the US state of Texas for the May 21, 1994, rape, torture, and murder of Adria Sauceda in San Antonio. Despite calls from US President Barack Obama, the US State Department and Mexico on Texas for a last-minute reprieve, Leal was executed by lethal injection as scheduled on July 7, 2011."@en .corpus325.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyliss_J._Anderson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Phyliss J. Anderson is the first female elected Chief of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians.  Phyliss J. Anderson succeeded incumbent Miko Beasley Denson after the election committee concluded ballot count on Wednesday July 6, 2011.  Challenger Anderson polled 1,971 votes as to defeated Beasley Denson whom polled 1,618.  Phyliss Anderson was sworn in as Chief on Tuesday July 12, 2011. She is the fourth elected tribal chief of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians subsequent to the tribal government's re-establishment of 1945.She assumed office \"at a time when the tribe's most lucrative businesses have come under scrutiny, including an FBI raid on Pearl River Resort and Casino in July 2011,\" saying that \"financial stability\" would be her \"top goal,\" and \"pledged that she would 'not tolerate intimidation, use of fear tactics and/or threats of jobs.'\"Anderson is \"a graduate of Choctaw Central High School and East Central Community College.\"In December 2011, she was \"selected to introduce President Barack Obama ... at the 3rd Annual White House Tribal Nations Conference.\"Acting as Tribal Chief and Chairman of Choctaw Resort Development Enterprise, in Feb. 2012, Anderson signed a 78 million dollar loan package with Trustmark to refinance \"the Mississippi Choctaw's Pearl River Resort in Choctaw and the Bok Homa Casino in Jones County.\"In October 2012, a portrait of Chief Anderson was unveiled at the Mississippi Agriculture and Forestry Museum."@en .corpus325.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlie_Christensen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carlie Christensen was the acting United States Attorney for the District of Utah until President Barack Obama nominated and the U.S. Senate confirmed Republican David B. Barlow.  She holds a bachelor's degree from Westminster College (Utah) and a law degree from the University of Utah.  She was a staff attorney in the office of the US Attorney for the District of Utah for 19 years before becoming the United States attorney. She once again became the Acting U.S. Attorney after Barlow resigned in April 2014."@en .corpus325.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Leaton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tim Leaton (born December 9, 1983) is a filmmaker, assistant editor, and editor. He won significant critical attention in 2006 when he was awarded the grand prize of the 2006 Film Your Issue competition, judged by President Barack Obama, George Clooney and the Dalai Lama, among others.  Leaton presented his winning film Orphans in Africa and gave acceptance speeches, covered by the press, at three awards ceremonies: at the United Nations Headquarters where he was introduced by the President of USA Today, then again in Hollywood where he was introduced by the Mayor of Los Angeles, and finally during Sundance in Park City with Kevin Bacon and Mandy Moore.  Leaton also received the 2006 grand prize Walt Disney Pictures paid internship.  His mentors included some of the top executives, and he began getting hands-on experience on various Disney films.  Years later when Lindsey Brookbank of the Collegiate Times asked him what his favorite memory was from his grand-prize internship, he replied \"Having dinner with Roy Disney on board the Queen Mary.\"      According to Brookbank, this internship gave Leaton the connections and experience that would help him land jobs in Hollywood after finishing college.      He returned to Film Your Issue as a member of the jury the following year, and has also judged other student film contests.In 2007, Tim graduated from Virginia Tech with the top academic honor of summa cum laude in each of his two separate degrees, and moved to Los Angeles on August 1, 2007.From 2007 to 2008 he worked with Ben Stiller at DreamWorks Pictures on the Academy Award-nominated film Tropic Thunder in the editing department, and received a letter of recommendation from Ben Stiller.  In 2009 he moved up to become an Assistant Editor, and has since Assistant Edited dozens of TV shows for various studios such as Warner Brothers, ABC, and NBC. His recent credits include the theatrical feature Apartment 1303 3D, as well as the #1 show of the summer, America's Got Talent.  Leaton has been Assistant Editing and Editing America's Got Talent since 2012, and in April of 2014, the show set the Guinness World Record for World's Most Successful Reality TV Format.  Tim has been featured in many media outlets, including the United Nations Chronicle, distributed to leaders around the world in various languages.  In 2011, he was pictured in LIFE Magazine."@en .corpus325.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Work_and_Family_Month> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Work and Family Month is the month of October in the United States. This designation was first made by a resolution of the U.S. Senate in 2003  and has been reaffirmed by both houses of the United States Congress.  In 2010, President Barack Obama issued a presidential statement on National Work and Family Month.National Work and Family Month is designed to communicate and celebrate the progress towards creating healthier and more flexible work environments. The goal of the campaign is to remind employers about the business benefits of supporting work-life effectiveness programs."@en .corpus326.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellwether_Services> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bellwether Services is a global strategic management advisory firm that assists clients on complex issues of strategy, operations, sustainability and technology.  For 10 years, Bellwether Services has provided solutions to businesses and government agencies in the areas of: International Trade, Retail Manufacturing, Retail Business Intelligence, Spend Analysis,   e-Sourcing, Supply Chain Optimization,  Sustainability Policy Development, and Lean Six Sigma (Business Improvement).  Bellwether Services is a recognized leader in emerging markets and has served both the George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations.The company is an influential small business enterprise (SME), Service Disabled Business and Veteran Owned business with global reach from its Atlanta, Georgia (U.S.) headquarters."@en .corpus326.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Sylvia-Stasiewicz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dawn Sylvia-Stasiewicz (February 16, 1958 – January 12, 2011) was an American dog trainer. She trained dogs such as Bo, US President Barack Obama's dog and late senator Edward Kennedy's three dogs.Sylvia-Stasiewicz lived with and trained Bo before knowing who his owners were. She had been suggested to the family by Vicki Kennedy, wife of Senator Kennedy who had told her that the dog was for a \"very busy family with two young daughters\".Sylvia-Stasiewicz died on January 12, 2011 at the age of 52."@en .corpus326.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flat_Stanley_Project> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Flat Stanley Project is an educational project started in 1995 by Dale Hubert, a third grade schoolteacher in London, Ontario, Canada. It is meant to facilitate letter-writing by schoolchildren to each other as they document where Flat Stanley has gone with them. Dale Hubert received the Prime Minister's Award for Teaching Excellence in 2001 for the Flat Stanley Project.The Project provides an opportunity for students to make connections with students of other member schools who've signed up with the project. Students begin by reading the book and becoming acquainted with the story. Then they make paper \"Flat Stanleys\" (or pictures of the Stanley Lambchop character) and keep a journal for a few days, documenting the places and activities in which Flat Stanley is involved. The Flat Stanley and the journal are mailed to other people who are asked to treat the figure as a visiting guest and add to his journal, then return them both after a period of time. The project has many similarities to the Travelling gnome prank except, of course, for the Flat Stanley Project's focus on literacy.Students may find it fun to plot Flat Stanley's travels on maps and share the contents of the journal. Often, a Flat Stanley returns with a photo or postcard from his visit. Some teachers may prefer to use e-mail.In 2005, more than 6,500 classes from 48 countries took part in the Flat Stanley Project.The project was featured in a 2004 episode of the animated TV series King of the Hill, in which Nancy Gribble received a Flat Stanley doll in the mail. Peggy Hill and Luanne Platter photographed it in a number of dangerous situations, resulting in the school's Flat Stanley Project being cancelled.According to the February 26, 2009 broadcast of Countdown with Keith Olbermann, Flat Stanley was on board US Airways Flight 1549 which landed safely in the Hudson River.  He was carried to safety in the briefcase of his traveling companion.In 2010, St. Louis Cardinals fans were asked via the team website, to petition President Barack Obama to award the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Hall of Famer Stan \"The Man\" Musial.  A \"Flat Stan\" downloadable cutout figure was made available, to get Cardinals fans to take their pictures with Musial's caricature, and send them in as petitions."@en .corpus326.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Policy_(magazine)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Social Policy is a quarterly magazine focused on labor and community organizing around the world. Its contributors are a mixture of academics, activists, leaders, and organizers.Social Policy is published by the Labor Neighbor Research and Training Center. Publisher and editor-in-chief is Wade Rathke, veteran community and labor organizer, and founder of Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN) and ACORN International.The magazine serves as a forum for dialog about a wide range of activities involving policy and social change both globally and domestically. Regular columns discuss global events, technology, campaign and corporate research, and historical trends in organizing and development. Each issue usually includes substantial excerpts of important new contributions in the literature. There are regular, annual reports on international dialogs to various countries that are written by members of the delegation traveling with the Organizers’ Forum. These reports have been filed from Turkey, Russia, Thailand, and Vietnam, for example.Recent special issues have examined the state of organizing in the labor movement, the background of Barack Obama as a community organizer, the rebuilding of the Gulf Coast after Katrina, and the progress towards immigration reform in the United States. A program begun in 2011 also includes special on-line only features on topics of interest by authors such as Drummond Pike and Mike Miller and excerpts from Social Policy Press books."@en .corpus326.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youssef_Biaz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Youssef Biaz (born June 14, 1994) is a spoken word artist from Auburn, Alabama.  He was the 2011 national champion of the poetry recitation contest Poetry Out Loud.Biaz began competing in the competition in 2010 as a junior at Auburn High School under the direction of coach Davis Thompson.  He won the state championship and competed at the national competition in Washington D.C..  He finished the 2010 competition as one of the nine finalists.Biaz competed again in 2011 as a senior at Auburn High.  He became the recurring state champion and returned to the national competition.  Biaz finished the finals on Friday, April 29 with the poem Filling Station by Elizabeth Bishop.  Biaz won the competition and received a reward of $20,000 as well as a $500 stipend for Auburn High School for the purchase of poetry books.Biaz was invited to a celebration of poetry at the White House attended by President Barack Obama on May 11, 2011.  He recited the poem Mrs. Kirkorian by Sharon Olds.  Other performers present included Billy Collins, Steve Martin, and Common."@en .corpus326.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Chavez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Estrada Chavez (November 12, 1929 – July 27, 2011) was an American labor leader, organizer and activist. Chavez was the younger brother of labor leader, César Chávez, who co-founded the National Farm Workers Association, now known as the United Farm Workers (UFW). Richard Chavez is credited with building the United Farm Workers into a major California agricultural and political organization.Chavez was born to a migrant family on November 12, 1929, near Yuma, Arizona, on a family farm. He worked as a child migrant worker during the Great Depression. He transitioned from farm work to carpentry and moved to San Jose, California. In the early 1960s, Chavez would leave his job as a carpenter in order to assist Cesar Chavez in his effort to organize California farm workers. Richard Chavez was a co-founder of the National Farm Workers Association, which would later become known as the United Farm Workers (UFW).Richard Chavez spearheaded the construction of the United Farm Workers' union hall, which became its headquarters, in Delano, California. Paul Chavez, the president of the Cesar Chavez Foundation and son of Cesar Chavez, told the Los Angeles Times that \"was there before there was a union.\"  In 1962, Richard Chavez designed the now iconic logo of the United Farm Workers, which features a black Aztec eagle. (Cesar Chavez chose the red and black colors of the union.) Decades later, U.S. President Barack Obama called the eagle \"a symbol of hope that has helped carry the struggle for the rights of farm workers forward for almost five decades.\"In 1966, Chavez became the founding director of the National Farm Workers Service Center, which opened up social services to farm workers. Chavez also put his own home up for collateral to establish the UFW's credit union. Chavez organized the Delano grape strike and boycott, which spanned five years during the late 1960s. He later helped organize other strikes in Detroit and New York. Richard Chavez served as the third Vice President of the United Farm Workers from 1972 until his retirement in 1984.  Chavez retired from the United Farm Workers union in 1983, but continued to serve on the board of directors of the Cesar Chavez Foundation and the Dolores Huerta Foundation. Chavez worked as a Los Angeles-based custom home builder during the 1990s after he received a California contractor's license.Chavez had a long-term romantic relationship with labor leader, Dolores Huerta. Chavez and Huerta never married, but had four children during their relationship.Richard Chavez died from complications of surgery at a hospital in Bakersfield, California, on July 27, 2011, at the age of 81. He was survived by ten children, six from his first marriage and four from his relationship with Dolores Huerta. Chavez was also survived by two sisters, Rita Chavez Medina and Vicki Chavez Lastra, and one surviving brother, Librado Chavez.President Barack Obama issued a statement calling Chavez a \"symbol of hope.\" Chavez had visited Obama at the White House in 2010 to mark Cesar Chavez Day."@en .corpus326.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa's_Law> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rosa's Law (Pub. L. 111-256) is a United States law which replaces several instances of \"mental retardation\" in law with \"intellectual disability\". The bill was introduced as S.2781 in the United States Senate on November 17, 2009 by Barbara Mikulski (D-MD). It passed the Senate unanimously on August 5, 2010, then the House of Representatives on September 22, and was signed into law by President Barack Obama on October 5. The law is named for Rosa Marcellino, a girl with Down Syndrome who was nine years old when it became law, and who, according to President Barack Obama, \"worked with her parents and her siblings to have the words 'mentally retarded' officially removed from the health and education code in her home state of Maryland.\" Rosa's Law is considered a part of a long line of changes that has been on-going since the early 1900s.  Words such as \"idiot\" and \"moron\" were common in court documents and diagnosis throughout the early 1900s.  In the 1960s, changes in the law led to the use of such words as \"mental retardation\" instead of traditional words such as \"idiot\".  At the time these words were hailed as modern."@en .corpus327.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budget_Control_Act_of_2011> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Budget Control Act of 2011 (Pub.L. 112–25, S. 365, 125 Stat. 240, enacted August 2, 2011) is a federal statute in the United States that was signed into law by President Barack Obama on August 2, 2011.  The Act brought conclusion to the United States debt-ceiling crisis of 2011, which had threatened to lead the United States into sovereign default on or around August 3, 2011.The law involves the introduction of several complex mechanisms, such as creation of the Congressional Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction (sometimes called the \"super committee\"), options for a balanced budget amendment and automatic budget sequestration."@en .corpus327.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(Miles_Morales)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Miles Morales is a fictional comic book superhero who appears in books published by Marvel Comics, in particular the monthly series Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man. The character was created by writer Brian Michael Bendis and artist Sara Pichelli, with Bendis and Marvel editor-in-chief Axel Alonso drawing inspiration from both U.S. President Barack Obama and American actor Donald Glover.Miles Morales first appeared in Ultimate Fallout #4 (August 2011), following the death of Peter Parker. A teenager of Black Hispanic descent, Miles is the second Spider-Man in the Ultimate Marvel continuity. Although Morales features in the Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man comic book series, he is not the lead character in the Ultimate Spider-Man animated TV series that debuted in April 2012 on Disney XD. Reaction to the character varied, with some, including Spider-Man's creator, Stan Lee, approving the creation of a positive role model for non-white children, to displeasure at the replacement of Peter Parker, with some decrying it as a publicity stunt motivated by political correctness, a charge Alonso denied. Alexandra Petri of The Washington Post called for the character to be judged on the quality of its stories, which have garnered positive reviews.The character possesses powers similar to those of the original Spider-Man, which were derived from the bite of a spider genetically engineered by Spider-Man's nemesis Norman Osborn in an attempt to duplicate those abilities."@en .corpus327.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_P._Zola> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gary Phillip Zola is a rabbi and historian of American Jewry who specializes in the development of American Reform Judaism. He is a professor of the American Jewish Experience at Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion (HUC-JIR) in Cincinnati. Since 1998, he has served as the second Executive Director of The Jacob Rader Marcus Center of the American Jewish Archives (AJA), succeeding his teacher and mentor, Jacob Rader Marcus (1896–1995). Zola is also editor of The Marcus Center’s award-winning semi-annual publication, The American Jewish Archives Journal.Zola served as the organizer and chair of the congressionally-recognized Commission for Commemorating 350 Years of American Jewish History, a consortium of leading research institutions established to promote the study of American Jewish history during the 350th anniversary Jewish life in America (2004–2005). In 2006, Zola became the first American Jewish historian to receive appointment to the Academic Advisory Council of the congressionally-recognized Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission.In addition to these national activities, Zola has been actively involved in community relations in Cincinnati, Ohio. In May 2009, the Cincinnati Human Relations Commission conferred the Bishop Herbert Thompson, Jr. Outstanding Humanitarian Award on Zola in recognition of his service to the people of the greater Cincinnati metropolitan area. The Jewish Federation of Cincinnati recognized Zola’s service to Cincinnati’s Jewish community in 2004 by awarding him its Distinguished Leadership Award.In 2011, President Barack Obama appointed Zola to serve as a member of the U.S. Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad. Although HUC-JIR presidents have received such distinctions over the years, Zola is the first regular member of the College-Institute’s faculty to serve on a standing commission of the United States Government in the history of the school."@en .corpus327.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dignified_Transfer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A solemn Dignified Transfer of remains is conducted upon arrival at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware, from the aircraft to a transfer vehicle to honor those who have given their lives in the service of the United States. The vehicle then moves the fallen to the Charles C. Carson Center for Mortuary Affairs.A dignified transfer is the process by which, upon the return from the theater of operations to the United States, the remains of fallen military members are transferred from the aircraft to a waiting vehicle and then to the Carson Center port mortuary. The dignified transfer is not a ceremony; rather, it is a solemn movement of the transfer case by a carry team of military personnel from the fallen member's respective service. A dignified transfer is conducted for every U.S. military member who dies in the theater of operation while in the service of their country. A senior ranking officer of the fallen member's service presides over each dignified transfer. The sequence of the dignified transfer starts with the fallen  being returned to Dover by the most expedient means possible, which may mean a direct flight from theater, or a flight to Ramstein Air Base, Germany, and then to Dover. It is the Department of Defense's policy, and AFMAO's, mission, to return America's fallen to their loved ones as quickly as possible. Once the aircraft lands at Dover, service-specific carry teams remove the transfer cases individually from the aircraft and move them to a waiting mortuary transport vehicle. Once all of the transfer cases have been taken to the transport vehicles, they are then taken to the Carson Center port mortuary. In March 2009, the U.S. Secretary of Defense announced a change in policy that, upon consent of the family of the deceased, allowed media access to cover dignified transfers. The only dignified transfers that will be open to media coverage, with family approval, are those personnel who die in the line of duty supporting Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom.On August 9, 2011, President Barack Obama, U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen, among other leaders, attended the dignified transfer for 38 U.S. and Afghan personnel killed aboard a helicopter shot down in Afghanistan three days earlier."@en .corpus328.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farm_Neck_Golf_Club> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Farm Neck Golf Club is a semi-private golf club located in Oak Bluffs, Massachusetts on the island of Martha's Vineyard. The course was designed in 1979 by Geoffrey Cornish, Bill Robinson, and Patrick Mulligan. Farm Neck has been one of the top-ranked courses in the northeast United States and has consistently been ranked 4.5 out of 5 stars in Golf Digest's \"Best Places to Play\".  Originally starting out as only 9 holes, the course eventually expanded into the 18-hole course that it is today. Noted for the beauty of its topography, it has been cited as the best public golf course in New England. The course received media attention when President Bill Clinton played there while on vacation in 1993, and again when President Barack Obama played a round of golf there while vacationing in August 2009. In addition, the clubhouse now has a cafe serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner as well as tennis courts."@en .corpus329.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Vita> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carol Vita is a Republican former New Hampshire state representative from the Strafford 3rd District. In 2011 she endorsed Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul.Vita was a sponsor for a lawsuit to have Barack Obama dropped from the New Hampshire Presidential race in 2012, claiming that Obama was not born in the United States."@en .corpus329.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Vita> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lucien Vita is a Republican former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives from the Strafford 3rd District. In 2011 he endorsed Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul.Vita was a sponsor for a lawsuit to have Barack Obama dropped from the New Hampshire Presidential race in 2012, claiming that Obama was not born in the United States. Additionally, he co-sponsored a bill requiring all laws in his state to cite the Magna Carta as their basis."@en .corpus329.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Problem_We_All_Live_With> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Problem We All Live With is a 1964 painting by Norman Rockwell. An iconic image of the civil rights movement in the United States, it depicts Ruby Bridges, a six-year-old African-American girl, on her way into an all-white public school in New Orleans on November 14, 1960 during the process of racial desegregation.  Because of threats and violence against her, she is escorted by four deputy U.S. marshals; the painting is framed such that the marshals' heads are cropped at the shoulders. On the wall behind her is written the racial slur \"nigger\" and the letters \"KKK\"; a smashed tomato thrown at Bridges is also visible. The white crowd is not visible, as the viewer is looking at the scene from their point of view.  The painting is oil on canvas and measures 36 inches high by 58 inches wide.The painting was originally published as a centerfold in the January 14, 1964 issue of Look.  Rockwell had ended his contract with the Saturday Evening Post the previous year due to frustration with the limits the magazine placed on his expression of political themes, and Look offered him a forum for his progressive social interests, including civil rights and racial integration. Rockwell explored similar themes in Southern Justice (Murder in Mississippi) and New Kids in the Neighborhood; unlike his previous works for the Post, The Problem We All Live With and these others place black people as sole protagonists, instead of as observers, part of group scenes, or in servile roles. Like New Kids in the Neighborhood, The Problem We All Live With depicts a black child protagonist; like Southern Justice, it uses strong light-dark contrasts to further its racial theme.At Bridges' suggestion, President Barack Obama had the painting installed in the White House, in a hallway outside the Oval Office, from July to October 2011.  Art historian William Kloss stated, \"The N-word there – it sure stops you. There’s a realistic reason for having the graffiti as a slur, [but] it’s also right in the middle of the painting. It’s a painting that could not be hung even for a brief time in the public  spaces [of the White House]. I’m pretty sure of that.\""@en .corpus329.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_honors_and_awards_received_by_Bill_Clinton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bill Clinton served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001. Before that, he was Governor of the state of Arkansas, and afterwards he has continued life in the public eye. He received many awards and honors throughout his career.Clinton has received honorary degrees from many colleges and universities, including the following: The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill awarded him an LL.D. degree in 1993.  The University of Prishtina awarded him the tile Doctor Honoris Causa in 2003. City College of New York (CUNY) awarded him an honorary Doctor of Laws in 2004.  Pace University awarded him an honorary degree in 2006. Tulane University awarded him an LL.D. degree in 2006. The University of Michigan awarded him an LL.D. degree in 2007. The Rochester Institute of Technology awarded him an L.H.D. degree in 2007. Knox College awarded him an L.H.D. degree in 2007. The University of Hong Kong awarded him an LL.D. degree in 2008. McGill University awarded him an L.H.D. degree in 2009. Mount Sinai School of Medicine awarded him an L.H.D. degree in 2010. The University of Central Missouri awarded him an L.H.D. degree in 2011. Mediterranean University in Montenegro awarded him an honorary doctorate in 2011.The University of Central Florida awarded him an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree in 2013The University of Edinburgh honoured him with the degree of Doctor honoris causa in 2013 U.S. President Barack Obama awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 20, 2013. The University of Liverpool awarded him an honorary LL.D. degree on October 1, 2014.Schools have been named for Clinton, and statues do homage him. The Clinton Presidential Center was opened in Little Rock, Arkansas in his honor on December 5, 2001. He has been honored in various other ways, in countries that include the Czech Republic, New Guinea,Germany, and Kosovo.U.S. states where he has been honored include Missouri, Arkansas, Kentucky, and New York. He was presented with the Medal for Distinguished Public Service by Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen in 2001.In 1993, Clinton was selected as Time magazine's \"Man of the Year\", and again in 1998, along with Ken Starr. From a poll conducted of the American people in December 1999, Clinton was among eighteen included in Gallup's List of Widely Admired People of the 20th century.In 2000, Princeton University's American Whig-Cliosophic Society awarded him the James Madison Award for Distinguished Public Service.In 2004, he received a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children for narrating the Russian National Orchestra's album Wolf Tracks and Peter and the Wolf (along with Mikhail Gorbachev and Sophia Loren) and 2005 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for My Life. In 2005, he received the J. William Fulbright Prize for International Understanding, and 2007 TED Prize (named for the confluence of technology, entertainment and design).In 2006, Clinton was made a Grand Companion of the Order of Logohu by the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea.  He was given the award for \"outstanding leadership for the good of mankind ... and his commitment to fighting HIV/AIDS.\"On June 2, 2007, Clinton, along with former president George H.W. Bush, received the International Freedom Conductor Award, for their help with the fund raising following the tsunami that devastated South Asia in 2004. On June 13, 2007, Clinton was honored by the Global Business Coalition on HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria alongside eight multinational-companies for his work to defeat HIV/AIDS.On September 9, 2008, Bill Clinton was named as the next chairman of the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His term began January 1, 2009, and he succeeded former President George H. W. Bush.In December 2010, Bill Clinton was named PETA's 2010 person of the year for using his influence \"to promote the benefits of following a vegan diet.\"On March 15, 2011, Bill Clinton was inducted into Irish America magazine's Irish America Hall of Fame for his crucial role in the Northern Ireland Peace Process.In April 2013, Bill Clinton was named the inaugural recipient of the honorary Advocate for Change GLAAD Media Award for his record of promoting tolerance of the LGBT community, including advocating for marriage equality in New York in 2011, advocating against Amendment 1 in North Carolina in 2012, and calling for the Supreme Court of the United States to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act in 2013."@en .corpus329.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wing_Week> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "West Wing Week is a weekly released web-episode by The White House of the week's events concerning the President of the United States. The show was created in 2010 during the 2nd year of the Presidency of Barack Obama. The footage is currently shot and edited by Adam Garber and narrated by White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest; it was initially shot and edited by former White House videographer Arun Chaudhary, who created the series."@en .corpus329.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_Male_Leadership_Academy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama Male Leadership Academy at B.F. Darrell (BOMLA) is a magnet secondary school for boys located in the Oak Cliff area of Dallas, Texas. It is a part of the Dallas Independent School District. After the Irma Lerma Rangel Young Women's Leadership School, it is DISD's second single gender school. The school, which occupies the campus of the former B.F. Darrell Elementary School, is named after President of the United States Barack Obama.The former Darrell Vanguard campus was renovated until Obama opened. It opened in August 2011 with grades 6 through 9. Each subsequent year a grade level will be added until the school gets grade 12. The school had 205 students during its first year of operation. The school was dedicated on November 11, 2011."@en .corpus33.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Shelford> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Great Shelford is a village located approximately four miles (6 km) to the south of Cambridge, in the county of Cambridgeshire, in eastern England. In 1850 Great Shelford parish contained 1,900 acres (7.7 km2) intersected by the river Cam. The population in 1841 was 803 people. By 2001, this had grown to 3,949. The village was deemed Britain's twenty-second richest village by The Daily Telegraph in 2011.Great Shelford is twinned with Verneuil-en-Halatte, in the Oise département of France.President of the United States Barack Obama traced his ancestry to the village in 2009, bringing the village into the national media."@en .corpus33.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2008_Democratic_National_Convention> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States 2008 Democratic National Convention was a quadrennial presidential nominating convention of the Democratic Party where it adopted its national platform and officially nominated its candidates for President and Vice President. The convention was held in Denver, Colorado, from August 25 to August 28, 2008, at Pepsi Center. Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, the presidential nominee, gave his acceptance speech on August 28 at Invesco Field in what the party called an \"Open Convention\". Denver last hosted the Democratic National Convention in 1908.  Obama became the party's first African-American nominee for President. Senator Joe Biden of Delaware, was nominated for Vice President.Obama officially received the nomination for President on August 27, when his former opponent, U.S. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York, interrupted the official roll call to move that Obama be selected by acclamation. U.S. Senator Joe Biden of Delaware accepted the nomination for Vice President on the same night. Obama accepted his nomination the following night in a speech at INVESCO Field before a record-setting crowd of 84,000 people in attendance."@en .corpus33.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Crist> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles Joseph \"Charlie\" Crist, Jr. (/ˈkrɪst/; born July 24, 1956) is an American attorney and politician who served as the 44th Governor of Florida from 2007 to 2011.Crist began his political career as a Republican, serving in the Florida Senate from 1993 to 1999, running unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate in 1998 when he challenged incumbent Bob Graham and then serving as Florida Education Commissioner from 2001 to 2003 and Florida Attorney General from 2003 to 2007, before being elected Governor in 2006.Crist decided not to run for re-election as Governor in 2010, instead announcing on May 12, 2009 that he was running for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by then-fellow Republican Mel Martinez. After initially leading in the race for the Republican nomination, he was overtaken in the polls by Marco Rubio, and in April 2010, Crist left the Republican Party and became an Independent. In the general election, he lost to Rubio in a three-way race, taking 30% of the vote to Rubio's 49% and Democratic nominee Kendrick Meek's 20%. Crist's term as Governor ended in January 2011.On December 7, 2012, he joined the Democratic Party, having endorsed President Barack Obama for re-election in 2012. On November 1, 2013, he announced that he was running for governor in the 2014 election. However, he was defeated by incumbent Governor Rick Scott, losing by a 1% margin."@en .corpus33.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazir_Ahmed,_Baron_Ahmed> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nazir Ahmed, Baron Ahmed (born 24 April 1957) is a member of the British House of Lords. He was appointed on the recommendation of Prime Minister Tony Blair in 1998. Many of his political activities relate to the Muslim community both in the UK and abroad and he has often attracted controversy. He was suspended for a time from the Labour Party in 2012 after he was misquoted as placing a bounty on U.S. President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush.In 2013, Lord Ahmed was suspended again, this time for antisemitism; stemming from a report in The Times that he blamed a Jewish conspiracy for a prison sentence he received following a fatal motorway crash.  The newspaper revealed that he appeared on Pakistani television and stated that he was imprisoned in 2009 because of pressure on the courts from Jews “who own newspapers and TV channels\".  He resigned from the Labour Party on 13 May."@en .corpus33.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Carter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ashton Baldwin \"Ash\" Carter (born on September 24, 1954) is a physicist and United States Department of Defense official who was nominated by President Barack Obama on December 5, 2014, to replace Chuck Hagel as the United States Secretary of Defense.  He was Deputy Secretary of Defense from October 2011 to December 2013, serving as the DOD’s Chief Operating Officer overseeing more than $600 billion per year and 2.4 million civilian and military personnel, and managing global 24/7 operations.  From April 2009 to October 2011, he was Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics with responsibility for procurement of all technology, systems, services, and supplies, bases and infrastructure, energy and environment, and more than $50 billion annually in R&D.Previously, Carter was a senior partner of Global Technology Partners focused on advising investment firms in technology and defense, and an advisor to Goldman Sachs on global affairs.  At Harvard’s Kennedy School, he was Professor and Chair of the International Relations, Science, and Security faculty.  He served on the Boards of Directors of the MITRE Corporation, Mitretek Systems, MIT Lincoln Laboratory, and a member of the Draper Laboratory corporation.  Carter has been a member of the Defense Policy Board, the Defense Science Board, and the Secretary of State’s International Security Advisory Board.  He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Aspen Strategy Group.From 1993 to 1996, Carter served as Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Policy, responsible for policy regarding the former Soviet states, strategic affairs, and nuclear weapons policy.For his service to national security, Carter has on five occasions been awarded the Department of Defense Distinguished Service Medal.  He received the Defense Intelligence Medal for his contributions to Intelligence.  He was confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate for both the number-two and number-three Pentagon positions. Carter is author or co-author of eleven books and more than 100 articles on physics, technology, national security, and management.On December 5, 2014, Carter was nominated by President Barack Obama to replace outgoing Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel."@en .corpus33.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Sperling> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eugene \"Gene\" B. Sperling (born December 24, 1958) was Director of the National Economic Council and Assistant to the President for Economic Policy under Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama."@en .corpus33.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Century> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Pacific Century (and the associated term Asia-Pacific Century) is a term that has been used to describe the 21st century through analogy with the term American Century. The implicit assumption underlying the usage of the term is that the 21st century will be dominated, especially economically, by the states in the Asia-Pacific region, in particular China, Japan, India, South Korea, Taiwan, the ASEAN members (particularly Indonesia, Vietnam, Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore), Australia, Russia, Canada, Mexico, and the United States. This idea can be compared to the historical Eurocentric/Atlantic viewpoint, which has dominated for the past five centuries.  The term Asian Century is a more popularized term, shifting greater emphasis towards Asia, especially on the potential superpowers of China and India.  Cities in those countries, such as Tokyo, Mumbai, Beijing, Kuala Lumpur, Jakarta, Manila, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Delhi and Bangkok are increasingly gaining power as financial centres, displacing cities in Europe.   However, critics of this associated term believe it incorrectly describes the 21st century and overstates the importance of the states around the Indian Ocean.Up until 2011, this was proving to be true, as India had shown very promising growth, despite nagging infrastructure concerns.  But with the continual unrest in Palestine and associated ultra critical Suez Canal, the Euro crisis, along with India's and Brazil's growth concerns, and Russia's new look East policy, the Pacific Century is in fact a more accurate term than the Asian Century.   Note the United States, Canada, and Mexico in particular are dual powers, both Pacific and Atlantic, however the West Coast of North America stands to benefit the most from the Pacific Century vis-à-vis the East Coast of North America.A 10-hour documentary entitled The Pacific Century was aired on PBS in 1993, which covered the history of modern Asia and the West, as well as the future of the region [1].In a November 2011 article for Foreign Policy, the term was recast as America's Pacific Century by US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to succinctly describe the leading US foreign-policy goal of the 21st century. Acknowledging discussion of the rising threat to American power in the region from rapidly developing Pacific nations, most obviously China, Clinton said: \"One of the most important tasks of American statecraft over the next decade will therefore be to lock in a substantially increased investment—diplomatic, economic, strategic, and otherwise—in the Asia-Pacific region.\" President Barack Obama also toured various countries that month to bolster security alliances and work on a new trade bloc called the Trans-Pacific Partnership, from which China is excluded. The US was ASEAN's largest trading partner in 2004; by 2012 China was the biggest trading partner of ASEAN by far, as well as the biggest of Japan, Korea, India and Australia.Clinton's remarks were translated into official policy at the start of 2012, as the Obama administration outlined a new China-centric military strategy. The preceding year, Clinton had already \"grabbed Beijing's lapels\" by declaring the South China Sea as a vital American interest. The policy shift was denounced by Chinese state media, which declared that the Americans should not \"recklessly practice militarism\", nor engage in \"war mongering\". Unease from SE Asian countries at the militaristic rhetoric from the US led to a trip by Clinton in July 2012, which aimed to extend economic ties to South East Asian countries that are becoming increasingly bound by trade with China, being spun as an adjustment to focusing more on economic issues. One indication of the comprehensiveness of the new American effort was Clinton's visit to Laos, the first by a US Secretary of State since John Foster Dulles in 1955. The end of summer 2013 saw US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel forcefully lobbying the Philippines, a nation of major strategic importance, to permit a rotating American troop force to return to the country, an arrangement that would provide a fillip to the US military presence in the region. The rotating troop discussion was part of a broader framework agreement being negotiated by Washington and Manila that, if agreed, would permit American forces to operate out of Filipino military bases. The US response to the destruction visited on the Philippines by Typhoon Haiyan in November 2013 evidenced the rapidly expanding military alliance between the two countries."@en .corpus33.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Hongju_Koh> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harold Hongju Koh (Hangul: 고홍주; hanja: 高洪柱; born December 8, 1954) is a Korean American lawyer and legal scholar. He served as the Legal Adviser of the Department of State.  He was nominated to this position by President Barack Obama on March 23, 2009, and confirmed by the Senate on June 25, 2009.  He departed as the State Department's legal adviser in January 2013, and returned to Yale as a law professor, being named a Sterling Professor of International Law.In public service, Koh previously served in the United States Department of State during the Clinton administration as Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor.  In academia, he served as a member of the faculty of Yale Law School, and later as its Dean."@en .corpus330.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress_Plaza_Hotel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Congress Plaza Hotel is located across South Michigan Avenue from Grant Park in Chicago at 520 South Michigan Avenue. After opening for business in 1893, for the World's Columbian Exposition, the hotel underwent two major expansions and renovations; it now features 871 guest rooms and suites. Its 11 story edifice was originally designed by architect Clinton J. Warren as an annex to the Auditorium Theater across the street. The two buildings were linked by an underground, marble-lined passage called Peacock Alley. In 1902 and then in 1907, the firm of Holabird & Roche oversaw the design and construction of two additions, bringing the total complex up to 1 million square feet.In 1940, Louis Grell (1887-1960), a Chicago based artist, was commissioned to paint thirteen murals for the lunettes that are an architectural feature surrounding the grand lobby.  The murals were various popular scenes around Chicago at the time.  Under the Albert Pick Jr ownership in 1952, Grell was again commissioned to paint the same architectural lunettes, this time Grell incorporated Chicago figures into the scenes depicting important trades significant to Chicago's growth and symbolism.  Lady Liberty was found in one mural holding the Chicago River \"Y\" on her lap.  Additionally, in 1955 Pick commissioned Grell once again, during one of the many renovations, to paint three walls for the newly decorated Pompeian Room which also had a magnificent Louis Comfort Tiffany glass fountain in the center of the vast room.  Today glass covers the thirteen lunettes where the murals could be hiding.  Grell also painted a large white Peacock that was mounted above the bar next to Peacock Alley.  Each wall had a main central Greek/Roman mural, however, Grell decorated the entire wall with various patterns of flora and custom design.Taos Society of Artists painter, E. Martin Hennings painted the ceiling murals inside the Florentine Room around 1918.The hotel is not affiliated with any national chain. It is owned by a Syrian national, Albert Nasser Shayo, who purchased the property in 1987.On 15 June 2003, about 130 members of UNITE HERE Local 1 went on strike to protest a proposed seven percent wage cut. On 16 June 2007, Barack Obama, then running for the presidency, briefly stood by the picket line and promised to return as president, but he did not. The strike, one of the world's longest, ended May 30, 2013 after nearly 10 years. No concessions were given by management."@en .corpus330.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Richardson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Shannon Richardson (née Rogers; born August 31, 1977) is a former American actress and convicted felon. She worked in television and film roles, most notably The Walking Dead, but is best known for sending ricin-laced letters to U.S. President Barack Obama and New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg, for which she was convicted and sentenced to 18 years imprisonment in July 2014."@en .corpus330.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Jobs_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Not to be confused with the JOBS Act of 2012.The American Jobs Act (S. 1549) (H. Doc. 112-53) and (H.R. 12) is the informal name for a pair of bills proposed by U.S. President Barack Obama in a nationally televised address to a joint session of Congress on September 8, 2011. He characterized the proposal as a collection of non-controversial measures designed to get Americans back to work, and he repeatedly urged Congress to pass it \"right away\"; he also said that the bills would not add to the national deficit and would be fully paid for."@en .corpus330.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_attack_on_the_Israeli_Embassy_in_Egypt> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On 9 September 2011, several thousand protesters forcibly entered the Israeli embassy in Giza, Greater Cairo, after breaking down a recently constructed wall built to protect the compound. The protesters later broke into a police station and stole weapons, resulting in police using tear gas in an attempt to protect themselves. The demonstrators eventually broke through the security wall and entered the offices of the embassy. Six members of the embassy staff, who had been in a \"safe room\", were evacuated from the site by Egyptian commandos, following the personal intervention of United States President Barack Obama.Following the attack, the Israeli deputy ambassador remained in Cairo; 85 staff members and their families returned to Israel. The Egyptian army declared a state of alert."@en .corpus331.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victims_of_Iranian_Censorship_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Victims of Iranian Censorship Act, more popularly called as the VOICE Act, is the Subtitle D of Title XII of Public Law 111-84, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, USA., legitimately passed and signed on October 28, 2009.  On January 21, 2010, according to the spirit of this Act, USA Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton delivered a public speech “On Internet Freedom,”  exploring positive aspects of internet freedom and emphasizing that, “But the vision of a world in which all people enjoyed freedom of expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want, and freedom from fear transcended the troubles of his day. […] Today, we find an urgent need to protect these freedoms on the digital frontiers of the 21st century.  There are many other networks in the world.  Some aid in the movement of people or resources, and some facilitate exchanges between individuals with the same work or interests.   But the internet is a network that magnifies the power and potential of all others.  And that’s why we believe it’s critical that its users are assured certain basic freedoms.  Freedom of expression is first among them.”On April 01, 2010, USA President Barack Obama endorsed a letter for a report to ensure the free flow of information to Iran and to enhance the abilities of Iranians to exercise their universal rights.  Thus, the VOICE Act has became one of the principles of USA policy both domestically and diplomatically."@en .corpus331.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasheed_Richmond> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rasheed Richmond is an American internet entrepreneur, political fundraiser, and social media expert. As a managing partner with Ryan Leslie in the NextSelection Lifestyle Group, he became an acclaimed online marketer after his successful viral marketing campaign for the recording artist Cassie and online fundraising for President Barack Obama."@en .corpus331.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffett_Rule> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Buffett Rule is part of a tax plan proposed by President Barack Obama in 2011. The tax plan would apply a minimum tax rate of 30 percent on individuals making more than a million dollars a year. According to a White House official, the new tax rate would directly affect 0.3 percent of taxpayers."@en .corpus331.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windham_High_School_(New_Hampshire)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Windham High School is a public high school in the town of Windham, New Hampshire, established in 2009, in the United States. The first graduating class of Windham High School was in 2012. When it first opened, it started out with only freshmen and sophomores and every year added new grades.The school is located at 64 London Bridge Road in Windham.It is home to the 2012 New Hampshire Teacher of the Year, Bethany Bernasconi, who teaches biology. Principal Tom Murphy was named New Hampshire Principal of the Year in early 2013.It provides Macbooks for all its students while they are attending the school. It has a wide variety of electives to choose from, from interior design to robotics to public speaking. On August 18, 2012, President Barack Obama spoke at the school. The school has begun to do well athletically, being home to the Division II state championship boys soccer team, the three time Division III state championship wrestling team, and has won championships in girls' lacrosse twice in a row as well."@en .corpus331.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Honey_Ale> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "White House Honey Ale is the first beer known to have been brewed in the White House.  The process began in January 2011 at the request of President Barack Obama who purchased the homebrewing kit using his personal funds. As of 2012, three styles have been brewed in addition to Honey Ale: White House Honey Blonde Ale, White House Honey Porter and White House Honey Brown."@en .corpus331.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surface_and_Air_Transportation_Programs_Extension_Act_of_2011> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Surface and Air Transportation Program Extension Act of 2011 became a United States law when President Barack Obama signed the Act on September 16, 2011 (Public Law No. 112-30. The law extends taxes which fund federal highway expenditures through March and the Federal Aviation Administration through January. The Surface and Air Transportation Programs Extension Act of 2011 is a direct result of an agreement which was reached by the House and Senate majority leaders. This extension act was a top priority to Congress because federal highway and FAA funding was about to expire."@en .corpus332.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.A._Barrows> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "W.A \"Walt\" Barrows is the current Labor Member of the United States Railroad Retirement Board.  He was nominated by President Barack Obama on February 28, 2011  and was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 26, 2011. He replaced outgoing board member V.M. \"Butch\" Speakman, who announced his retirement in 2010. The appointment of Barrows to the Board was supported by a number of labor organizations, including the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen, as well as the Transportation Trades Department.  Barrows has enjoyed a long career in the railroad industry, beginning with Norfolk and Southern Railroad in 1974.  He has held numerous positions with Locals 199 and 228, including Local Chairman, Local President, and Recording-Financial Secretary.  Most recently, Barrows served as the International Secretary-Treasurer for the Brotherhood of Railroad Signalmen.  In addition, he has served as a labor member on the joint healthcare subcommittee, which oversees the Railroad Employee's National Health and Welfare Plan.  In 2004, 2007, and 2010, Barrows served as labor trustee, responsible for oversight of the National Railroad Retirement Trust Fund."@en .corpus332.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_modern_American_conservatism> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This timeline of modern American conservatism lists important events, developments and occurrences which have significantly affected conservatism in the United States. With the decline of the conservative wing of the Democratic Party after 1960, the movement is most closely associated with the Republican Party (GOP). Economic conservatives favor less government regulation, lower taxes and weaker labor unions, while social conservatives focus on moral issues and neoconservatives focus on democracy worldwide. Conservatives generally distrust the United Nations (UN) and Europe and, apart from the libertarian wing, favor a strong military and give enthusiastic support to Israel.Although conservatism has much older roots in American history, the modern movement began to gel in the mid–1930s when intellectuals and politicians collaborated with businessmen to oppose the liberalism of the New Deal, led by President Franklin D. Roosevelt (FDR), newly energized labor unions, and big city Democratic machines. After World War II that coalition gained strength from new think tanks and writers who developed an intellectual rationale for  conservatism.Richard Nixon's victory in the 1968 presidential election is often considered a realigning election in American politics. From 1932 to 1968, the Democratic Party was obviously the majority party. During that time period, the Democrats had won seven out of nine presidential elections, and their agenda gravely affected that undertaken by the Republican Eisenhower administration. The election of 1968 reversed the situation completely. The Vietnam war split the Democratic Party. White ethnics in the North and white Southerners felt the national Democratic Party had deserted them. The white South has voted Republican at the presidential level since the mid-1960s, and at the state and local level since the 1990s.In the 1980s President Ronald Reagan solidified conservative Republican strength with tax cuts, greatly increased defense spending, deregulation, a policy of rolling back communism (rather than just containing it), a greatly strengthened military, and appeals to family values and conservative Judeo-Christian morality.  His impact has led historians to call the 1980s the \"Reagan Era\". The Reagan model remains the conservative standard for social, economic and foreign policy issues. In recent years social issues such as abortion, gun control, and gay marriage have become important. Since 2009 the Tea Party Movement has energized conservatives at the local level against the policies made by the presidency of Barack Obama, leading to a Republican landslide in 2010 and again in 2014."@en .corpus333.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Makary> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Martin “Marty” Makary is an American surgeon and New York Times best-selling author and is a frequent television medical commentator for NBC and FoxNews. Makary has written articles for The Wall Street Journal,  TIME, Newsweek Magazine and CNN. He practices advanced laparoscopic surgery at the Johns Hopkins Hospital and teaches health policy at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. Makary is known as an international expert in patient safety and served in a leadership role at the United Nations World Health Organization for the Safe Surgery Saves Lives initiative. In 2013, Makary was named one of the most influential people in healthcare by Health Magazine.Makary is an advocate for transparency in medicine and common-sense solutions to healthcare’s problems, such as The Surgical Checklist, which he developed at Johns Hopkins, and which was popularized in Atul Gawande’s best-selling book Checklist Manifesto. In 2013, Makary testified to the U.S. Congress on the need for more transparency in healthcare, including access of data to medical researchers, repeal of the SGR, and patient-centered research. Makary has argued that professional physician associations are in the best position to define and endorse the validity of quality metrics in healthcare. In 2009, the American College of Surgeons recommended Makary to President Barack Obama for the position of Surgeon General of the United States."@en .corpus333.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Spinner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steven Jonathan Spinner (born July 17, 1969) is an American business executive who is known for his work as an angel investor and adviser to Silicon Valley startups and his volunteer work as a fundraiser for President Barack Obama’s 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns. He previously served as a stimulus adviser for the United States Department of Energy and was peripherally associated with the Department of Energy loan to a failed solar company, Solyndra."@en .corpus333.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hop_Republican> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hip Hop Republican is a combined music and politics blog started in 2004 by Richard Ivory. Ivory says that he started the blog in part because of frustration with the belief that blacks must be Democrats. The blog was credited with giving conservative blacks a sense of community during the 2008 presidential election when they were often expected to vote in solidarity with Barack Obama.The blog has since expanded to feature many other commentators alongside Ivory, including Lenny McAllister. The term \"Hip-Hop Republican\" as popularized by the blog has become an identity for some young black Republicans."@en .corpus333.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Podesta> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anthony T. Podesta, (born 1943) commonly known as Tony Podesta, is an American lobbyist best known for founding the Podesta Group. Podesta has lobbied for a variety of groups, including Bank of America, BP, and Egypt in addition to political campaigns such as Ted Kennedy, George McGovern, Michael Dukakis, Bill Clinton. More recently, he has worked for Pennsylvania Democratic representatives Joe Sestak, Chris Carney, and Patrick Murphy, and chaired former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell's reelection campaign. He is closely connected with the Barack Obama White House and has repeatedly been named one of Washington's most powerful lobbyists and fundraisers."@en .corpus333.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felipe_Bulnes> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Felipe Bulnes Serrano (born May 27, 1969) is a Chilean lawyer and National Renewal politician. He assumed office as minister of education following a cabinet shuffle on July 18 amidst the ongoing 2011 Chilean student protests but renounced about six months later on December 29 explaining that he left because a \"cycle has finished\" and not because he would be fired.In 2012, Bulnes was appointed as ambassador to the United States, handing his credentials to President Barack Obama on May 1, 2012."@en .corpus333.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magodonga_Mahlangu> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Magodonga Mahlangu is a women's rights campaigner from Zimbabwe who in 2009 was awarded the Robert F Kennedy Human Rights Award by U.S. President Barack Obama.Mahlangu is a leader of Women of Zimbabwe Arise (Woza), founded by Jenni Williams. When presenting the award to them both, Obama commented: \"By her example, Magodonga has shown the women of WOZA and the people of Zimbabwe that they can undermine their oppressors' power with their own power -- that they can sap a dictator's strength with their own. Her courage has inspired others to summon theirs.\" In her remarks accepting the award, Mahlangu quoted Robert F. Kennedy, saying, \"The future is not a gift: it is an achievement. Every generation helps make its own future.\"As of 2008, Mahlangu had been arrested more than 25 times by the Mugabe government. Human Rights Watch denounced the repeated arrests of Mahlangu and Williams, stating after one arrest that the Zimbabwean government should release the women and \"allow civil society the right to demonstrate peacefully\".Mahlangu was raised in the South Matebeleland area and educated at a private school where she received a diploma in coaching and sports administration. Eventually she had her own athletics club. She began organising protests for WOZA in 2003. Mahlangu's family now live outside Zimbabwe. She is unmarried and has no children."@en .corpus333.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATF_gunwalking_scandal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Gunwalking\", or \"letting guns walk\", was a tactic of the Arizona Field Office of the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), which ran a series of sting operations between 2006 and 2011 in the Tucson and Phoenix area where the ATF \"purposely allowed licensed firearms dealers to sell weapons to illegal straw buyers, hoping to track the guns to Mexican drug cartel leaders and arrest them.\" These operations were done under the umbrella of Project Gunrunner, a project intended to stem the flow of firearms into Mexico by interdicting straw purchasers and gun traffickers within the United States. The Chambers case began in October 2009, and eventually became known in February 2010 as \"Operation Fast and Furious\" after agents discovered some of the suspects under investigation belonged to a car club.The stated goal of allowing these purchases was to continue to track the firearms as they were transferred to higher-level traffickers and key figures in Mexican cartels, with the expectation that this would lead to their arrests and the dismantling of the cartels. The tactic was questioned during the operations by a number of people, including ATF field agents and cooperating licensed gun dealers. During Operation Fast and Furious, the largest \"gunwalking\" probe, the ATF monitored the sale of about 2,000 firearms, of which only 710 were recovered as of February 2012. A number of straw purchasers have been arrested and indicted; however, as of October 2011, none of the targeted high-level cartel figures had been arrested.Guns tracked by the ATF have been found at crime scenes on both sides of the Mexico–United States border, and the scene where United States Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was killed December 2010. The \"gunwalking\" operations became public in the aftermath of Terry's murder. Dissenting ATF agents came forward to Congress in response. According to Humberto Benítez Treviño, former Mexican Attorney General and chair of the justice committee in the Chamber of Deputies, related firearms have been found at numerous crime scenes in Mexico where at least 150 Mexican civilians were maimed or killed. Revelations of \"gunwalking\" led to controversy in both countries, and diplomatic relations were damaged.As a result of a dispute over the release of Justice Department documents related to the scandal, Attorney General Eric Holder became the first sitting member of the Cabinet of the United States to be held in contempt of Congress on June 28, 2012. Earlier that month, President Barack Obama had invoked executive privilege for the first time in his presidency over the same documents."@en .corpus334.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonita_Lontoh> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sonita Lontoh is a technology executive focusing on Internet of Things (IoT), 'Smart' Connected Energy/Devices and Green Technology. In particular, she focuses on societal benefits and global cross-border collaborations on innovation, human capital and leadership development.  She is an executive at Trilliant, a venture-backed technology company in Silicon Valley.   Prior, Lontoh was a leader at PG&E Corporation, a Fortune 200 energy-based holding company in San Francisco, with assets of more than $45 billion, revenues of more than $15 billion, serving more than 15 million customers in California. Earlier in her career, Lontoh was a management consultant at the strategy consulting firm Bain & Company and spent a few years as a technology entrepreneur.   Lontoh is a professional mentor for the TechWomen program, a United States Department of State's women-in-technology initiative spearheaded by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to implement President Barack Obama’s vision for greater collaboration between the United States and the emerging leaders in the global communities.Lontoh is a co-founder and chairman of the board of the Indonesian Diaspora Foundation, a non-profit dedicated to empowering Indonesian diaspora worldwide and help with Indonesia - America's relations.  She is also a co-founder and Executive Director of the Silicon Valley Asia Technology Alliance, a nonprofit focusing on increasing global cross collaborations between Silicon Valley and the technology and business communities in emerging Asia.  She was the working liaison representative for the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. Lontoh is a member of 85 Broads, a global network for professional women originally founded in 1997 as a network for current and former Goldman Sachs women who worked at 85 Broad Street, the firm’s NYC headquarters, and at other Goldman Sachs offices worldwide. On May 15, 2013, the New York Times reported that Sallie L. Krawcheck, a former executive of Bank of America and Citigroup, has agreed to buy 85 Broads.Lontoh received the Diaspora Entrepreneurship and Corporate Excellence award from the Government of Indonesia and was named a Global Emerging Leader Under 40. She has been invited to the White House to attend an event to honor AAPI Women Champions of Change.Lontoh received her Master of Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where she was also a cross-registered graduate student at the Harvard Business School. She earned her MBA on Strategy and Marketing from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and her Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering & Operations Research from the University of California Berkeley."@en .corpus334.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ground_Force_One> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ground Force One is the unofficial code-name for the black armored buses used to transport the President of the United States and other dignitaries.The United States Secret Service formerly used rented buses as part of the presidential motorcade, with retro-fitting for secure communications where necessary. In August 2011 the Secret Service introduced a new permanent addition to the federal government's fleet, initially for use by Barack Obama in the campaign leading up to the 2012 Presidential Election. The newly designed model X3-45 VIP 3 axle shell was designed by Quebec, Canada-based specialist firm Prevost Car, and then fitted out by Hemphill Brothers Coach Company in Nashville, Tennessee, to provide 505 square feet (46.9 m2) of interior space, including flashing police-style red and blue lights on the front and the back. It was then further added to by the Secret Service with Presidential secure communications and other specialist equipment. The two buses cost $1.1 million each, and were leased from Hemphill Brothers during the administration of President Barack Obama.The coaches are part of the federal government fleet and are painted plain black. A second bus was used by Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney during the campaign leading up to the 2012 Presidential Election, and then deployed as a back-up for visiting dignitaries. The Secret Service code name for the bus is Stagecoach while the president is aboard."@en .corpus334.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Barack_and_a_Hard_Place> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Between Barack and a Hard Place: Racism and White Denial in the Age of Obama is a non-fiction book by the anti-racist writer and educator Tim Wise, published by City Lights in 2009.In the book Wise argues that the election of Barack Obama did not signal the end of racism in America, writing that his political success could instead \"deepen the denial in which so much of the white public has been embedded for generations.\""@en .corpus334.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_H._Cohen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "George H. Cohen is the director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service in the United States. He was appointed in 2009 by President Barack Obama.Cohen was born in Brooklyn, New York and was raised in Long Island in Long Beach.  He attended Cornell University, where he was a sports reporter for the college newspaper. He earned a law degree at Cornell in 1957.  Afterwards, he joined the United States Army.Cohen’s son, Bruce, is an Academy Award winning film producer."@en .corpus334.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darcy_Richardson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Darcy G. Richardson (born December 6, 1955) is an American author, historian  and political activist.In the 2012 presidential election, Richardson challenged incumbent Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination for president of the United States in five states. He was later a candidate for the presidential nomination of the Reform Party of the United States of America"@en .corpus334.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Mitchell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Derek James Mitchell (born September 16, 1964) is an American diplomat with extensive experience in Asia policy.  He was recently appointed by President Barack Obama as the first Special Representative and Policy Coordinator for Burma with Rank of Ambassador, and was sworn in by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on October 2, 2011. On June 29, 2012, the U.S. Senate confirmed him as the new United States Ambassador to Burma."@en .corpus334.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tax_policy_and_economic_inequality_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code regarding income taxes and estate taxes have undergone significant changes under both Republican and Democratic administrations and Congresses since 1964. Since the Johnson Administration, the top marginal income tax rates have been reduced from 91% for the wealthiest Americans in 1963 to 39.6% (or in some cases 43.4%) for the same group by 2013 under the Obama Administration. Capital gains taxes have also decreased over the last several years, and have experienced a more punctuated evolution than income taxes as significant and frequent changes to these rates occurred from 1981 to 2011. Both estate and inheritance taxes have been steadily declining since the 1990s. Economic inequality in the United States has been steadily increasing since the 1980s as well and economists such as Paul Krugman, Joseph Stiglitz, and Peter Orszag, politicians like Barack Obama and Paul Ryan, and media entities have engaged in debates and accusations over the role of tax policy changes in perpetuating economic inequality.A 2011 Congressional Research Service report stated, \"Changes in capital gains and dividends were the largest contributor to the increase in the overall income inequality.\"Much scholarly and popular literature exists on this topic with numerous works on both sides of the debate. The work of Emmanuel Saez, for example, has shed light on the role of American tax policy in aggregating wealth into the richest households in recent years while Thomas Sowell and Gary Becker maintain that education, globalization, and market forces are the root causes of income and overall economic inequality. The Revenue Act of 1964 and the \"Bush Tax Cuts\" coincide with the rising economic inequality in the United States both by socioeconomic class and race."@en .corpus334.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_Classic> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Carrier Classic is a college basketball game that is played on the deck of a U. S. Navy aircraft carrier. The first game was held on November 11, 2011 aboard the USS Carl Vinson, between Michigan State and North Carolina. President Barack Obama attended this game.  In 2012, the similar Armed Forces Classic was established. In June 2013, ESPN reported that there would not be a 2013 iteration of the Carrier Classic; no future games are planned."@en .corpus335.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_Park_–_Kenwood_Historic_District> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hyde Park – Kenwood Historic District is the name of the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) district on the South Side of Chicago that includes parts of the Hyde Park and Kenwood community areas of Chicago, Illinois.  The northern part of this district overlaps with the officially designated Chicago Landmark Kenwood District. This northern part of the Hyde Park-Kenwood Historic District contains the Chicago home of Barack Obama. The entire district was added to the NRHP on February 14, 1979 and expanded on August 16, 1984 and May 16, 1986. The district is bounded to the north, south, east and west, respectively by 47th Street, 59th Street, Lake Park Avenue and Cottage Groves Avenue. Despite the large amount of property associated with the University of Chicago, the Hyde Park-Kenwood Historic District is mostly residential. The district is considered to be significant for its architecture and education.Among the Hyde Park-Kenwood Historic District's contributing properties are numerous NRHP listings in Hyde Park: Frank R. Lillie House, Isidore H. Heller House, Amos Jerome Snell Hall and Charles Hitchcock Hall, Arthur H. Compton House, Chicago Pile-1, St. Thomas Church and Convent, Frederick C. Robie House, George Herbert Jones Laboratory and Robert A. Millikan House. No NRHP listings from Kenwood are within the historic districts boundaries.  The NRHP-listed University Apartments are also within the district. Additionally, Chicago Pile-1 and Robie House, which are in the district, are two of the four Chicago Registered Historic Places from the original October 15, 1966 NRHP list."@en .corpus335.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Veterans_Disabled_for_Life_Memorial> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial is a national memorial in Washington, D.C., which honors veterans of the armed forces of the United States who were permanently disabled during the course of their national service.  Congress adopted legislation establishing the memorial on October 23, 2000, authorizing the Disabled Veterans for Life Memorial Foundation to design, raise funds for, and construct the memorial. The fundraising goal was reached in mid-2010, and ground for the memorial broken on November 10, 2010. The memorial was dedicated by President Barack Obama on October 5, 2014."@en .corpus335.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormy_Kromer_cap> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Stormy Kromer cap is a wool hat manufactured by Stormy Kromer Mercantile. The hat is popular in the Midwest region of the United States and with hunters and outdoorsmen. It is named for George \"Stormy\" Kromer, a semi-professional baseball player who later worked as a railroad engineer. Kromer lost many hats to the wind while working on trains, and in 1903 he asked his wife Ida to make him a warm hat that would stay on more securely. She modified a baseball cap into what became the Stormy Kromer cap.Due to popularity with other employees of the railroad, the Kromers formed the Kromer Cap Company in 1903 to produce the caps. In 1919, due to ever increasing demand, the Kromers opened a factory in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. George Kromer sold the company in 1965 to Richard Grossman. In 2001, the Kromer Cap Company planned to cease production of Stormy Kromer caps. The rights to the caps were purchased by Bob Jacquart, owner of Jacquart Fabric Products, and production moved to Ironwood, Michigan. Stormy Kromer Mercantile was formed, increasing production to over 50,000 caps annually from the previous 3000-6000 caps.President Barack Obama was presented with several Stormy Kromer caps when he visited Marquette, Michigan, on February 10, 2011 to speak about wireless communication technologies. It has become a traditional garb in the Upper Peninsula.A version that is a \"tip of the hat\" to the hat's Wisconsin roots is available in Green Bay Packers green with the team logo and sold through Lambeau Field.The hats are unusual in that they carry a lifetime warranty against defects, and a three year \"insurance policy\" for events such as loss, once the product is registered.  Versions for women are available, and they are called the \"Ida Kromer\" or some variant of \"Petal Pusher.\""@en .corpus335.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_L._Davidson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Margo Lomax Davidson (born September 27, 1962) is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 164th Legislative District since 2011. The district includes parts of Upper Darby Township, and the boroughs of East Lansdowne and Millbourne.The oldest of three children, Davidson was born in West Philadelphia, where she and her siblings were raised by their single mother. She graduated from the Philadelphia High School for the Creative and Performing Arts in 1980. The first in her family to graduate college, she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications from Temple University in 1988.She began her career as a broadcast journalist, hosting a show on WDAS and often covering politics. She also started two non-profit organizations: the Anti-drug and Alcohol Crusaders, which offers programs for children whose parents are struggling with addiction, and the African American Female Entrepreneurs Alliance, which focuses on small business development. She worked on Barack Obama's presidential campaign during the 2008 election, traveling as far as Montana to work for the campaign.Davidson announced her candidacy for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives after longtime Republican incumbent Mario Civera was elected to the Delaware County Council. Civera eventually resigned his state House seat, and Davidson defeated Republican school board member Maureen Carey in the general election. She is the first Democrat, first woman, and first African American to represent the 164th district.Representative Margo Davidson assumed office on January 4, 2011."@en .corpus335.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_debates,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On October 31, 2011, the bipartisan Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD) announced four debates for the 2012 U.S. presidential general election, slated for various locations around the United States in October 2012 – three of them involving the major party presidential nominees (later determined to be Democratic President Barack Obama from Illinois and former Republican Governor Mitt Romney of Massachusetts), and one involving the vice-presidential nominees (Vice President Joe Biden from Delaware and Representative Paul Ryan of Wisconsin).The CPD stipulates three criteria for eligibility: constitutionally eligible, appearance on enough ballots to potentially reach 270 electoral votes, and average at least 15% on five selected national polls.  Four candidates achieved the first two criteria: Democratic nominee Barack Obama, Green nominee Jill Stein, Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson, and Republican nominee Mitt Romney.  Only Obama and Romney also satisfy the third criterion of averaging 15% in five selected national polls and thus are the only two to appear in 2012 CPD debates.The moderators for the debates were announced on August 13, 2012.All four debates took place between 9 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. EDT (6 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. PDT).Subsequently, on October 3, 2012, both campaigns executed a memorandum of understanding governing technical and administrative details of the debate. The agreement describes the role of the moderator, rules applicable to each debate, staging and seating arrangements, and ticket distribution, and was signed by Robert Bauer and Benjamin Ginsberg, general counsel of the Obama and Romney campaigns, respectively.A non-CPD sanctioned debate, moderated by Larry King and organized by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation in protest of the CPD's monopoly of presidential debates, took place on October 23, 2012 between 9 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. EDT. Four third party candidates — Rocky Anderson, Virgil Goode, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein — took part. Mitt Romney and Barack Obama were also invited, but did not participate. On October 22, the Free and Equal Elections Foundation announced a second third-party presidential debate that was originally scheduled between 9 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. EDT on October 30, featuring the top two candidates from the post-debate poll conducted after the first debate. Jill Stein and Gary Johnson were selected for the second debate using Instant run-off voting. The debate was hosted by RT. On October 28, the date of this debate was changed to November 5 due to Hurricane Sandy.Ralph Nader hosted and moderated a 2-hour presidential debate between Rocky Anderson, Jill Stein, Virgil Goode and Gary Johnson, on November 4, 2012."@en .corpus335.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_South_Carolina,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in South Carolina took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. South Carolina voters chose 9 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Romney defeated Obama in the state by 54.56% to 44.09%, a margin of 10.47%."@en .corpus335.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Nevada,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Nevada took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Nevada voters chose six electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Nevada has voted for the winner in every presidential election since 1912, except in 1976 when it voted for Gerald Ford over Jimmy Carter. Since 1912, Nevada has been carried by the presidential victor the most out of any state (25 of 26 elections)."@en .corpus335.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_L._Friedman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard L. Friedman is a prominent businessman and real estate developer involved in numerous business, civic, and charitable endeavors. Friedman is the President and CEO of Carpenter & Company, Inc. of Cambridge, Massachusetts, a private firm involved in real estate and private investments.  Carpenter specializes in creative hotel development and the adaptive reuse of historic structures into high-end hotels.  In 2000, President Bill Clinton appointed Friedman Chairman of the National Capital Planning Commission.  In 2010, Mr. Friedman was appointed by President Barack Obama to the President’s Export Council. In May 2013, Mr. Friedman was elected as Director of Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, a global luxury hotel company which is based in Toronto, Canada. In June 2014, the Boston Globe reported that Friedman was developing a $700 Million 60 story Four Seasons Hotel and Private Residencies in Boston's Back Bay. The building would be the tallest building to be built in New England in the last 40 years."@en .corpus335.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sombrero_Festival> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sombrero Festival, also known as Sombrero Fest, is a two-nation fiesta and an annual three-day pre-Lenten celebration held in Brownsville, Texas, United States. The grito—a joyous Mexican shout—opens the festivities every year. This festival is a shared heritage celebration between the two border cities of Matamoros, Tamaulipas and Brownsville, Texas. This festival is designed to enhance the spirit of Charro Days, and to add to the festivities. The Sombrero Festival is held in Washington Park in Brownsville, Texas.The Sombrero Festival, was founded in Brownsville, TX, in 1986 by Danny Loff in order to enhance the spirit of Charro Days and to expand the activities available to the general public.The Sombrero Festival includes a jalapeño-eating contest, 1-mile run/walk and a 5K run/walk, music and dancers, activities, numerous food stands and cooking contests. Several rock stars, corrido singers, and Tejano music entertainers perform in this annual event. During his campaign for President, Barack Obama made an unexpected visit to the Sombrero Festival in Brownsville, Texas, where he ate a Mexican torta, played games, and greeted voters. The event not only provides families with entertainment, but it also gives away money to charitable organizations and to fund public facilities in Brownsville, Texas.Mr. Amigo Association, an organization that works for the friendly relationship with Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico and Brownsville, Texas, United States and to preserve the Charro Days and Sombrero Festival celebrations, became a part of Charro Days in 1967. Sombrero Fest, a three-day Washington Park street party with popular rock, country and Tejano performers, was added in 1986. Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the first president of the Mr. Amigo Association was the former president of Mexico, Miguel Alemán Valdés.During the creation of NAFTA agreement in 1988-1989, Congressman Solomon Ortiz presented the Mr. Amigo Association with the Mr. Amigo Review Award for the distinction of being one of the first organizations to extend friendship and mutual understanding between the United States and Mexico. The Mr. Amigo Review Award remains on exhibit at the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. as a model of bi-national friendliness between these two countries."@en .corpus336.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makana_(musician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Makana, born Matthew Swalinkavich, is an award-winning slack-key guitar player, singer, and composer. Born and raised in Hawai'i, his guitar playing has beenfeatured on three Grammy-nominated albums, including the soundtrack of the Academy-Award winning film \"The Descendants\", starring George Clooney. In 2008, he was second runner up in Guitar Player Magazine's Guitar Superstar competition eliciting praise from judges Steve Vai, Joe Satriani, and Elliot Easton. In 2012, he was awarded one of Hawaii's top musical honors: a Na Hoku Ki Ho'alu (Slack Key) Legacy Award (Hawai‘i’s “Grammy”) by the Hawai'i Academy of Recording Arts.On November 12, 2011, Makana, who had performed previously at the White House, turned a gig performing at an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation dinner in Honolulu, attended by President Barack Obama and the leaders of 18 other nations, into a political protest by opening his suit jacket to reveal a t-shirt reading \"Occupy With Aloha\" and singing his song, \"We Are the Many,\" for 45 minutes, in support of the Occupy movement. Rolling Stone Magazine went on to call \"We Are the Many\" the \"anthem of the Occupy movement.\""@en .corpus336.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_MTV_Video_Music_Awards> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 MTV Video Music Awards, hosted by Kevin Hart, took place on Thursday, September 6, 2012, honoring the best music videos from the previous year. The awards were broadcast from the Staples Center arena at L.A. Live in Downtown Los Angeles. Nominations were announced on July 31, 2012. Rihanna and Drake received five nominations, while Katy Perry and Beyoncé received four.One Direction were the biggest winners of the night winning their three nominations, including Best New Artist, and Rihanna went on to win Video of the Year. Both M.I.A. and Chris Brown won two awards each.The awards ceremony was the least-watched VMA show since 2007. The major thing that contributed to it was moving the broadcast date to Thursday instead of Sunday, the day MTV been using since 2004 with the exception in 2006. MTV also moved up the telecast to 8pm instead of 9pm, to avoid competing with President Barack Obama's speech at the 2012 Democratic National Convention and this was early for MTV's targeted young audience."@en .corpus336.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caren_Bohan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Caren Bohan is a journalist and the White House correspondent for the Reuters news agency. Bohan was President of the White House Correspondents' Association for the July 2011 to July 12 term. She has covered the President of the United States since 2003 and was a lead correspondent for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign."@en .corpus336.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Price> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "N. Lee S. Price is a retired United States Army officer and last served as the Program Executive Officer for the U.S. Army's Program Executive Office, Command Control Communications-Tactical (PEO C3T), headquartered at Aberdeen Proving Ground, Md. Price became the first female Program Executive Officer for the Army in November 2009 when she became the PEO for C3T. Within one year of Maj. Gen. Price’s tenure, PEO C3T was awarded the David Packard award, the Department of Defense acquisition community’s highest award. The dedicated PEO C3T team works by the Warfighter’s side in training and theater locations throughout the world. They acquire, sustain and support the networked mission command solutions that bring technological dominance to present and future Warfighters. In July 2008, Price became the first woman in the Army Acquisition Corps to be nominated to the rank of Brigadier General. She also was the first woman selected to general officer while serving in a special operations unit. Price was nominated by President Barack Obama to the grade of Major General on July 27, 2011. The Senate confirmed this nomination on Nov. 10, 2011. Price is a certified member of the Army Acquisition Corps. Price was promoted to Major General on March 2, 2012.  In September of 2013, Major General Price retired from military service."@en .corpus337.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011–12_Burmese_political_reforms> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2011–2012 Burmese democratic reforms are an ongoing series of political, economic and administrative reforms in Burma undertaken by the military-backed government. These reforms include the release of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi from house arrest and subsequent dialogues with her, establishment of the National Human Rights Commission, general amnesties of more than 200 political prisoners, institution of new labour laws that allow labour unions and strikes, relaxation of press censorship, and regulations of currency practices. As a consequence of the reforms, ASEAN has approved Burma's bid for the chairmanship in 2014. United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Burma on 1 December 2011, to encourage further progress; it was the first visit by a Secretary of State in more than fifty years. United States President Barack Obama visited one year later, becoming the first US president to visit the country.Suu Kyi's party, the National League for Democracy, participated in by-elections held on 1 April 2012 after the government abolished laws that led to the NLD's boycott of the 2010 general election. She led the NLD in winning the by-elections in a landslide, winning 41 out of 44 of the contested seats, with Suu Kyi herself winning a seat representing Kawhmu Constituency in the lower house of the Burmese Parliament. However, uncertainties exist as some other political prisoners have not been released and clashes between Burmese troops and local insurgent groups continue."@en .corpus337.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_L._Liebman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Benjamin L. Liebman is the Robert L. Lieff Professor of Law and the director of the Center for Chinese Legal Studies at Columbia Law School. He is widely regarded as one of the world's pre-eminent scholars of contemporary Chinese law.  He is the son of Lance Liebman, who is a professor at Columbia Law School and the former director of the American Law Institute, and of Carol B. Liebman, also a professor at Columbia Law School. He is the brother of Jeffrey B. Liebman, who is currently the executive associate director of the Office of Management and Budget within the administration of President Barack Obama.On February 9, 2012, Professor Liebman met with Vice President of the United States Joe Biden at the White House to discuss human rights in China."@en .corpus337.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Fulgham> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alonzo Fulgham is the former Acting Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). On January 27, 2009, he was appointed by President Barack Obama as Acting Administrator of USAID, replacing Henrietta Fore.  Prior to this appointment, from 2006 to 2009 served as Chief Operating Officer of USAID.He more recently served as Vice President to International Relief and Development (IRD). IRD is a nonprofit, nongovernmental organization responsible for implementing relief stabilization and development programs worldwide. During his tenure at IRD, Fulgham was responsible for execution and strategic business initiatives that cut across IRD’s operations, program development and emerging business services areas.In July 2012, Fulgham was named Vice President for Strategy and Sustainable International Development at CH2M HILL."@en .corpus337.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_S._Williams> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Aaron S. Williams is a former Director of the Peace Corps.In July 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Williams, a career international development specialist, to serve as the new director. The nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 7, 2009. At the time,  Williams was serving as vice president for international development at RTI International, a nonprofit. A former senior official with the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), Williams volunteered in the Dominican Republic in 1967–70. He also coordinated Peace Corps minority recruitment in Chicago in 1970–71. On August 25, 2009 Mr. Williams was sworn in as the eighteenth Director of the Peace Corps. Williams is the fourth director in the Peace Corps’ history to have served as a Peace Corps Volunteer.Williams announced August 21, 2012 that he is leaving his post after three years citing personal and family considerations in his letter of resignation to President Barack Obama."@en .corpus338.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_Authorization_Act_for_Fiscal_Year_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2012 is a United States federal law which besides other provisions specifies the budget and expenditures of the United States Department of Defense. The bill passed the U.S. House on December 14, 2011, the U.S. Senate on December 15, 2011, and was signed into United States law on December 31, 2011, by President Barack Obama.The Act authorizes $662 billion in funding, among other things \"for the defense of the United States and its interests abroad\". In a signing statement, President Obama described the Act as addressing national security programs, Department of Defense health care costs, counter-terrorism within the United States and abroad, and military modernization. The Act also imposes new economic sanctions against Iran (section 1045), commissions appraisals of the military capabilities of countries such as Iran, China, and Russia, and refocuses the strategic goals of NATO towards \"energy security\". The Act also increases pay and healthcare costs for military service members and gives governors the ability to request the help of military reservists in the event of a hurricane, earthquake, flood, terrorist attack, or other disaster.The most controversial provisions to receive wide attention were contained in subsections 1021–1022 of Title X, Subtitle D, entitled \"Counter-Terrorism\", authorizing the indefinite military detention of persons the government suspects of involvement in terrorism, including U.S. citizens arrested on American soil. Although the White House and Senate sponsors maintain that the  Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) already grants presidential authority for indefinite detention, the Act states that Congress \"affirms\" this authority and makes specific provisions as to the exercise of that authority. The detention provisions of the Act have received critical attention by, among others, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the Bill of Rights Defense Committee, and some media sources which are concerned about the scope of the President's authority, including contentions that those whom they claim may be held indefinitely could include U.S. citizens arrested on American soil, including arrests by members of the Armed Forces. The detention powers currently face legal challenge."@en .corpus338.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2013_United_States_federal_budget> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2013 United States federal budget is the budget to fund government operations for the fiscal year 2013, which is October 2012–September 2013.  The original spending request was issued by President Barack Obama in February 2012. The actual appropriations for fiscal year 2013 was enacted in two appropriations bills in September 2012 and March 2013 by the full Congress, in accordance with the United States budget process.The Budget Control Act of 2011 mandates caps on discretionary spending, which under current law will be lowered beginning in January 2013 to remove $1.2 trillion of spending over the following ten years. In addition, several temporary tax cuts were scheduled to expire at the beginning of the 2013 calendar year, including the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax cuts on income, capital gains, and estate tax, which had been extended in a 2010 tax deal, as well as a payroll tax cut that began as a result of the 2010 deal and had been most recently extended in an early 2012 tax deal.  The combination of sudden spending cuts and tax increases has led to concerns about significant negative effects on the economy in the wake of the weak recovery from the recession that began in 2007."@en .corpus338.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Developing_Communities_Project> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Developing Communities Project (DCP) is a faith based organization in Chicago, Illinois. DCP was organized in 1984 as a branch of the Calumet Community Religious Conference (CCRC) in response to lay-offs and plant closings in Southeast Chicago in the 1970s and 1980s. In 1986, DCP was incorporated as a not-for-profit organization under the leadership of its first executive director Barack Obama. It continues to provide literacy, job training and leadership development programs, for which it has received multiple awards, such as the  2007 Chicago Community Organizing Award.One of its current projects is to work with Loyola University's Center for Urban Research & Learning (CURL) and the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning (CMAP) on the CTA Red Line Extension."@en .corpus339.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_State_of_the_Union_Address> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 State of the Union Address was a speech given by President Barack Obama, from 9 p.m. to 10:17 p.m. EST on Tuesday, January 24, 2012, in the chamber of the United States House of Representatives. In his speech, he focused on education reform, repairing America's infrastructure with money not used on the Iraq War, and creating new energy sources in America."@en .corpus339.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copyright_Alliance> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Copyright Alliance is an advocacy group formed on May 17, 2007 by 29 unions, companies and organizations including groups that represent songwriters, recording artists, film makers, authors, photographers and sports leagues (see members below).  It is committed to promoting the cultural and economic benefits of copyright. After its first month its membership grew to 40 organizations.The group supported an IP-PRO bill establishing a \"copyright czar\" in June 2008 Senate Judiciary Committee hearings.  The PRO-IP bill was introduced in the Senate shortly thereafter and passed into law.  Ars Technica called the bill a victory for \"Big Content\", though a provision for the Department of Justice to join suits for the benefit of copyright holders was stripped from the bill.On November 16, 2009, the Copyright Alliance was joined by some of its grassroots members in hand-delivering a letter to the White House signed by more than 11,000 artists and creators, calling on President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden to defend the rights of artists and creators.In May 2009 it launched the Creators Across America campaign, which includes videos of artists and creators across the United States speaking about their arts and their rights under copyright law."@en .corpus339.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/President’s_Advisory_Council_on_Financial_Capability> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The President’s Advisory Council on Financial Capability was the successor to the President’s Advisory Council on Financial Literacy (Bush, January 22, 2008). (Obama On January 29, 2010, the President signed Executive Order 13530). Its mission is to \"improve Americans’ understanding of financial products and terms, expand financial access, and provide appropriate and robust consumer protection.\" It is operated by the U.S. Treasury Department.One member of this council is John Hope Bryant, who is an American financial literacy and poverty eradication activist, and \"silver rights\" entrepreneur. Bryant is the founder, chairman and CEO of nonprofit Operation HOPE.On  March 29, 2012, President Barack Obama, in a White House press release, appointed Marc H. Morial, National Urban League CEO, former Louisiana State Senator from New Orleans, President of the U.S. Conference of Mayors, and Mayor of New Orleans from 1994 - 2002  to serve as a Member of the Advisory Council.Eldar Shafir is a Princeton University psychology professor who focuses on behavioral economics.  His appointment  to  the Council was announced April 9, 2012."@en .corpus339.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Maine,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Maine took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Maine voters chose four electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Obama and Biden carried Maine with 55.37% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 40.33%, thus winning the state's four electoral votes."@en .corpus339.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Electronics_Council> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Founded 2005 the Green Electronics Council (GEC) promotes green computing and \"envisions a world where green electronics is a cornerstone of a healthy and vibrant world.\"GEC achieves this mission by supporting the production of consensus-based environmental leadership standards; by operating EPEAT, the definitive global rating system for greener electronics; and by convening global thought leaders in environmental design, strategy and marketing to envision more sustainable electronics design and delivery methods.The Electronic Product Environmental Assessment Tool (EPEAT) system assists in the purchase of \"greener\" PCs and Displays, Imaging Equipment and Televisions. The EPEAT system evaluates electronics on more than 50 environmental criteria, some required and some optional, that measure a product's efficiency and sustainability attributes. Products are rated Gold, Silver or Bronze depending on how many optional criteria they meet. On 2007-01-24, President George W. Bush issued Executive Order 13423, which requires all United States Federal agencies to use EPEAT when purchasing computer systems. President Barack Obama issued a similar Executive Order in 2009.In partnership with the Yale Center for Green Chemistry and Engineering, in Sept. of 2008 GEC held a Forum for Sustainable Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) at Yale."@en .corpus339.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Colorado,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Colorado voters chose 9 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Obama and Biden carried Colorado with 51.5% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 46.1%, thus winning the state's 9 electoral votes.As in 2008, the key to Obama's victory was Democratic dominance in the Denver area, sweeping not just the city but also the heavily populated suburban counties around Denver, particularly Adams, Arapahoe, and Jefferson counties, as well as winning Larimer County, home to Fort Collins. Obama also took nearly 70% of the vote in Boulder County, home to Boulder. Romney's most populated county wins were in El Paso County, where Colorado Springs is located, and Weld County.This election solidified Colorado's transformation from an historically Republican-leaning state into a Democratic-leaning swing state. Obama's 2012 victory in the state, on the heels of his 2008 victory, marked the first time that the Democrats had carried Colorado in two consecutive elections since the landslide re-election of Franklin Roosevelt in 1936."@en .corpus34.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._T._Rybak> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Raymond Thomas \"R. T.\" Rybak, Jr. (born November 12, 1955) is an American politician, journalist, businessperson, and activist who served as the 46th mayor of Minneapolis. In the 2001 election Rybak defeated incumbent  Sharon Sayles Belton by a margin of 65% to 35%; the widest margin in city history for a challenge to an incumbent.  He took office in January 2002, and won a second term in November 2005 and a third in November 2009. In late December, 2012, he announced he would not run for another term and was going to be concentrating on his family. Rybak called being mayor his \"dream job.\"Before being elected mayor, Rybak worked in journalism, business and activism. The first mayor of a large U.S. city to endorse Barack Obama's 2008 campaign for President, Rybak is one of five Vice Chairs of the Democratic National Committee."@en .corpus34.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_Elves> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Blood of Elves (Polish: Krew elfów) is the first novel in the Witcher Saga written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Sapkowski, first published in Poland in 1994 (English translation was published in late 2008). It is a sequel to the Witcher short stories collected in the books The Last Wish (Ostatnie życzenie) and The Sword of Destiny (Miecz przeznaczenia) and is followed by Time of Contempt (Czas pogardy). It was published in Czech Republic (Leonardo, 1995), Russia (AST, 1996), Spain (Bibliopolis, 2003), Lithuania (Eridanas, 2006), Germany (Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag, 2008) the United Kingdom (Gollancz, 2008) and most recently in the United States (Orbit, 2009).Krew elfów was the winner of the Polish Janusz A. Zajdel Award for Best Science Fiction or Fantasy Novel in 1994. In 2009 the book won the David Gemmell Legend Award in the United Kingdom.In 2011, Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk gave US President Barack Obama diplomatic presents, as is custom, on his visit to Poland. One of these was a signed copy of Blood of Elves."@en .corpus34.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Brathwaite_Burke> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Yvonne Brathwaite Burke (born October 5, 1932) is a politician from Los Angeles, California, United States. She was the first African-American woman to represent the West Coast in Congress. She served in congress from 1973 until the end of 1978. She was the Los Angeles County Supervisor representing the 2nd District (1992–2008). She has served as the Chair three times (1993–94, 1997–98, 2002–03).  Her husband is William Burke, a prominent philanthropist and creator of the Los Angeles Marathon.On December 1, 2008, she retired from the Board of Supervisors and was replaced by Mark Ridley-Thomas.On Thursday, March 29, 2012, she was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve as Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors."@en .corpus34.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Rauschenberger> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steve Rauschenberger (born August 29, 1956, Elgin, Illinois) served as a Republican member of the Illinois State Senate from 1993 to 2007. He was first elected to the state Senate in 1992. While State Senator he was a member of a group of conservative state senators elected in 1992 who often challenged the leadership of the Illinois Republican Party and were dubbed the \"Fab Five\", the group also included, Peter Fitzgerald, Dave Syverson, Patrick O'Malley and Chris Lauzen. In 2003 he was appointed to the Senate Republican Leadership team in 2003 as Assistant Republican Leader.On September 23, 2003, Rauschenberger announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate. Despite being heavily out matched in fundraising, he rode a late surge fueled by sweeping editorial endorsements to finish third in the March 16, 2004 Illinois U.S. Senate Republican primary election that was won by Jack Ryan, and was a front-runner to replace Ryan as the Republican nominee in the first two weeks after Ryan quit the Senate race. Rauschenberger announced on July 8, 2004 that he would not seek the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate—in part because he was never convinced he would have the financial support needed to wage a competitive campaign against Barack Obama who had announced two days earlier having raised $4 million in the second quarter of 2004. Rauschenberger's withdrawal was followed by a week of speculation about Mike Ditka replacing Ryan as the Republican nominee for U.S. Senate.In 2006 Senator Rauchenberger sought the Republican nomination for IL Governor, but later dropped down the ballot to run for Lieutenant Governor as the running mate of Ron Gidwitz.  He eventually lost to DuPage County States Attorney Joe Birkett. Though the two positions are nominated in the primary independently, candidates for both often run together during the primary campaign, promoting a single \"ticket.\"Rauschenberger served as chief budget negotiator for the Senate Republicans and was active in the state budget process, serving on both Appropriations Committees and also the Environment & Energy Committee.  He also served on the Economic and Fiscal Commission, the Joint Committee on Administrative Rules, the Illinois Sports Authority Facilities Advisory Board, and the McCormick Place Advisory Board.He attended Elgin School District U-46 public schools, was a National Merit Finalist, and is a graduate of the College of William and Mary. Senator Rauschenberger is a native of Elgin, IL where he currently resides with his wife, Betty and their two children, Michael and Henry.Currently, he serves as the President of the United Republican Fund and remains President of Lobbyist Group Rauschenberger Partners. He was a candidate for Republican National Committeeman at the 2008 State Convention of the Illinois Republican Party, but lost to Patrick Brady.In 2010, Rauschenberger filed petitions to seek the Republican nomination for the Illinois State Senate in the 22nd District (his former Senate Seat). He won the Republican nomination, but narrowly lost to incumbent Democratic State Senator Michael Noland in the general election."@en .corpus34.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_District_Court_for_the_Northern_District_of_Ohio> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio (in case citations, N.D. Ohio) is the federal trial court for the northern half of Ohio.  The court has courthouses in Cleveland (where the chief judge and most of the Northern District's judges have chambers), Toledo, Akron, and Youngstown.Appeals from this court are heard by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit (except for patent claims and claims against the U.S. government under the Tucker Act, which are appealed to the Federal Circuit).The United States Attorney's Office of the Northern District of Ohio represents the United States in civil and criminal litigation in the court.  Steven M. Dettelbach was appointed U.S. Attorney on July 10, 2009 by President Barack Obama, and unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 15, 2009.  He was sworn into office on October 26, 2009."@en .corpus340.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_the_presidency_of_Barack_Obama_(2012)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a timeline of the Presidency of Barack Obama, from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2012. For his time as President-elect, see the Presidential transition of Barack Obama; for a detailed account of his first months in office, see First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency; for a complete itinerary of his travels, see List of presidential trips made by Barack Obama."@en .corpus340.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rican_status_referendum,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A referendum on the political status of Puerto Rico was held in Puerto Rico on November 6, 2012. It was the fourth referendum on status to be held in Puerto Rico and the first in which a majority voted for statehood. Puerto Rico has been an unincorporated territory of the United States since the Spanish-American War in 1898.Puerto Rican voters were asked two questions: (1) whether they agreed to continue with Puerto Rico's territorial status and (2) to indicate the political status they preferred from three possibilities: statehood, independence, or a sovereign nation in free association with the United States. 970,910 (54.00%) voted \"No\" on the first question, expressing themselves against maintaining the current political status, and 828,077 (46.00%) voted \"Yes\", to maintain the current political status. Of those who answered on the second question 834,191 (61.11%) chose statehood, 454,768 (33.34%) chose free association, and 74,895 (5.55%) chose independence.The governor-elect Alejandro García Padilla of the Popular Democratic Party (PPD) and several other leaders who favor the present status had recommended voting \"Yes\" to the first question, and leaving the second question blank as a protest to what they said was \"an anti-democratic process\" and \"a trap\".Puerto Rico's nonvoting Resident Commissioner, Pedro Pierluisi, has said that he will \"defend the people's decision\" in Washington, D.C. He plans to introduce legislation in Congress to admit Puerto Rico to the Union. Although García Padilla has questioned the validity of the results, he has stated that he plans to go forward with what President Barack Obama had suggested, and convene a constituent assembly to resolve the status issue.Previous referendums have been held on the island to decide on the political status of Puerto Rico, most recently in 1998."@en .corpus340.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can't_Wait> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "We Can't Wait is a policy initiative launched by the U.S. President Barack Obama's administration in October 2011 to institute policies by executive orders, administrative rulemaking, and recess appointments.  The initiative was developed in response to the United States Congress' unwillingness to pass economic legislation proposed by Obama, and conflicts in Congress during the 2011 debt ceiling crisis."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Arizona,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Arizona took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Arizona has been won by the Republican nominee for president in every election since 1952 except when President Clinton narrowly carried the state in 1996. Arizona voters chose 11 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Arizona was won by Romney with a 9.03% margin."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Michigan,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Michigan voters chose 16 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Michigan was won by Democratic incumbent Barack Obama by a 9.5% margin of victory. Obama received 54.21% of the vote to Romney's 44.71%. Republicans last carried the state in 1988, when George H.W. Bush won in Michigan."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Minnesota,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Minnesota took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Minnesota voters chose 10 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Minnesota backed incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama for re-election, giving him 52.65% of the vote, while Republican challenger Mitt Romney took 44.96%, a victory margin of 7.69%. Minnesota has the longest streak of voting for the Democratic candidate in presidential elections of any state, having not voted Republican since 1972."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Washington_(state),_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Washington took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Washington voters chose 12 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.President Obama won the state of Washington comfortably, taking 56.16% to Mitt Romney's 41.29%, a 14.87% margin of victory."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta_Multi-Modal_Passenger_Terminal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Atlanta Multi-Modal Passenger Terminal (MMPT) is a planned passenger terminal, designed by FXFOWLE Architects and Cooper Carry, to be built in a location to be determined near the Five Points MARTA rail station in The Gulch area of Downtown Atlanta. It would be the hub of existing and proposed transportation networks, including the existing MARTA rail and bus systems, the Xpress GA and other regional express buses, and the planned commuter rail system.In July 2012 redevelopment plans for The Gulch moved ahead when President Barack Obama announced the final selection of the MMPT as one of a small group of projects from across the country to participate in the Dashboard initiative, putting the permitting process for the Terminal on the fast track, cutting the timeline by as much as one year.In late May 2013, one of three Class 1 railroads(Norfolk Southern)which could serve or switch this proposed terminal, suggested that it would be unable to operate both freight and passenger trains into/from/by the facility. If accurate, possibly directed service to/fromthe site may be ordered by the U.S. Surface Transportation Board."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Georgia,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Georgia voters chose 16 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.  Romney won Georgia by a 7.82% margin. Romney received 53.30% of the vote to Obama's 45.48%."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Delaware,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Delaware took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Delaware voters chose three electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Arkansas,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Arkansas took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Arkansas voters chose six electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Romney and Ryan carried Arkansas with 60.57% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 36.88% of the vote, winning the state's six electoral votes. While Arkansas had been won by the Democrats as recently as the 1990s by native son Bill Clinton, Barack Obama proved a poor fit for the state, and his 23.69% loss was the worst defeat for a Democratic presidential candidate in Arkansas since 1972.The presidential primaries were held May 22, 2012, on the same day as the primaries in Kentucky."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Connecticut,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Connecticut voters chose seven electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Obama and Biden carried Connecticut with 58.1% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 40.7%, thus winning the state's seven electoral votes."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Hawaii,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Hawaii took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Hawaii voters chose four electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Illinois,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Illinois voters chose 20 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. The Obama/Biden ticket won Illinois with 57.60% of the popular vote to Romney/Ryan's 40.73%, thus winning the state's 20 electoral votes by a margin of 16.87%.Obama's victory in Illinois was due to an overwhelmingly strong vote total in Cook County, which includes Illinois' largest city, Chicago. Obama won Cook County by 74%, receiving 1,488,537 votes, compared to Romney who received only 24.6% of the votes in Cook County, or 495,542 votes. The importance of the vote in Chicago and the rest of Cook County to Obama's victory in Illinois can be illustrated by a hypothetical scenario in which its votes are not included in the overall state total. If one were to subtract all of the votes in Cook County from Illinois' total votes cast, Romney would have actually won Illinois, having received 1,629,863 votes (50.62%) in the rest of the state, compared to Obama, who received 1,524,886 votes (47.36%).  This, despite Obama's good performance in the suburban collar counties, which are considered swing counties.Obama's victory continued a Democratic winning streak in the state - the Democratic candidate has carried Illinois through the previous six election cycles.  The last Republican to win Illinois in a Presidential Election was George H.W. Bush in 1988."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Indiana,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Indiana took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Indiana voters chose 11 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Romney and Ryan carried Indiana with 54.1% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 43.9%, thus winning the state's 11 electoral votes.Indiana was one of just two states (along with North Carolina) which had been won by Obama in 2008 but which flipped to the Republicans in 2012. Although the state normally leans Republican, in 2008 Obama had been the first Democrat to win Indiana since 1964, albeit by a narrow 1.03% margin. However, unlike North Carolina, Indiana was not seriously contested again by the Obama campaign in 2012, and consequently Romney was able to carry it by a relatively comfortable 10.20%."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Kentucky,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Kentucky took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Kentucky voters chose eight electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.On election day Romney carried Kentucky by a landslide margin, winning 60.49% of the vote to Barack Obama's 37.80%, a margin of 22.69%.Although Kentucky had been won by Southern Democrat Bill Clinton twice in the 1990s, Obama was seen as a poor cultural fit for the state, and he did not compete here either time he ran.The Romney campaign also attacked Obama's administration as being hostile to the coal industry, historically an important part of the state's economy, because of its environmental harm. Consequently Obama suffered a historically poor showing in the traditionally staunchly Democratic coalfields of Eastern Kentucky. Many counties which had voted even for landslide Democratic losers like George McGovern and Walter Mondale defected to the Republicans. Knott County, which had given Bill Clinton 73% of the vote in 1996, gave Mitt Romney 73% of the vote in 2012. Even Elliott County, the only county in the state in which Obama had broken 60% in 2008, barely held on in 2012, giving Obama a narrow 49-47 plurality win, his only victory in the region, and one of just four county wins in the entire state.The only part of the state where Obama won convincingly was Jefferson County, the most urban and populous county in the state, where Louisville is located. He also eked out a close win in Fayette County, the second most populous county, home to Lexington. Obama's fourth county victory came from flipping Franklin County, home to the state capital of Frankfort, which he had narrowly lost in 2008."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Louisiana,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Louisiana took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Louisiana voters chose eight electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Massachusetts,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Massachusetts took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Massachusetts voters chose 11 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Obama and Biden won Massachusetts with 60.7% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 37.5%, thus winning the state's 11 electoral votes, despite the fact that it is Romney's home state and he was Governor of the state from 2003 to 2007.Massachusetts has not voted for a Republican presidential candidate since 1984, nor has any Republican even broken 40% in the state since 1988. 2012 also marked the sixth straight election beginning in 1992 in which Democratic presidential candidates have swept every one of the state's 14 counties."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Mississippi,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Mississippi voters chose six electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Romney and Ryan won Mississippi with 55.3% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 43.8%, thus winning the state's six electoral votes. Mississippi was one of just six states where Obama improved on his 2008 performance. According to exit polls, the black vote share in Mississippi increased from 33% in 2008 to 36% in 2012, likely explaining Obama's gains. This was the strongest showing for a Democratic presidential candidate in Mississippi since native Southerner Bill Clinton's 44.08% in 1996."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Montana,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Montana took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Montana voters chose three electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Romney carried Montana with 55.35% of the vote to Obama's 41.70%, with a 13.64% margin of victory."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_New_Mexico,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. This was the 25th U.S. Presidential Election in which New Mexico participated. New Mexico voters chose five electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. President Obama and Vice President Biden carried New Mexico with 52.99% of the vote to Mitt Romney's 42.84%, a victory margin of 10.15 percentage points. Libertarian Gary Johnson, a former Republican who served two terms as Governor of New Mexico from 1995 to 2003, garnered 3.55% of the vote, his strongest statewide performance in the nation, and the strongest 3rd party showing in the state since 2000."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Maryland,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Maryland took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Maryland voters chose 10 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_New_Jersey,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in New Jersey took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. New Jersey voters chose 14 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Due to the difficulty of getting to polling places because of the damage caused by Hurricane Sandy, voters who were displaced were allowed to vote electronically. Officials were not prepared for the 15 minutes that it took to validate each request, and were deluged by voters who were not displaced asking to vote electronically, so voting was extended until Friday, November 9, at 8 PM. Requests had to be submitted by 5 PM.New Jersey was won by President Obama with 58.38% of the vote to Romney's 40.59%, a 17.79% margin of victory. New Jersey was one of just six states to swing in President Obama's favor between 2008 and 2012, giving him the largest vote share for a Democratic presidential nominee in the state since the 1964 Democratic landslide."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_California,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in California took place on November 6, 2012, as part of the 2012 general election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. California voters chose 55 electors, the most out of any state, to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.According to Secretary of State Debra Bowen's website, the President won the popular vote with 60.24%, with Mitt Romney in second place at 37.12%, and Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson in third place at 1.10%. The Democrats have won the state in every presidential election since 1992."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Missouri,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Missouri took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Missouri voters chose 10 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.On election day, Missouri was won by Mitt Romney, who took 53.76% of the vote to Barack Obama's 44.38%, a margin of 9.38%. Although a battleground in past elections, Missouri is considered to be trending toward the Republicans, having been the only swing state to be won (albeit narrowly) by Republican John McCain in the 2008 election. Consequently the state was not heavily contested by either side in 2012, and the Republicans ultimately carried Missouri by the largest margin since 1984. Also, this was the first time since 1900 that Missouri was not carried by the victor of the presidential contest two times consecutively (after Obama had failed to win the state in 2008).Obama carried only three counties and the City of St. Louis. He carried Boone County, home to Columbia and the University of Missouri; Jackson County, where most of Kansas City is located; and St. Louis County."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_New_York,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. New York voters chose 29 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.On election day, Barack Obama carried the state of New York by a landslide margin, winning 63.35% of the vote to Mitt Romney's 35.17%. As in previous elections, the Democratic ticket racked up large margins in the heavily populated New York City area, as well as in upstate cities like Buffalo, Rochester, Albany, and the college town of Ithaca.  The Republicans won only in some rural parts of upstate and western New York. New York was one of only six states to swing in President Obama's favor from 2008 to 2012, giving him the largest percentage of the vote for any presidential candidate in the state since 1964 and the second largest Democratic vote share in the state in history."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Idaho,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Idaho voters chose four electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Romney and Ryan carried Idaho with 64.09% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 32.40%, thus winning the state's four electoral votes."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Todd_Jones> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Byron Todd Jones (born May 23, 1957) is an American lawyer and the director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF). He has twice served as United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota.Jones became acting director of the ATF on August 31, 2011, following the resignation of Kenneth E. Melson in the aftermath of the ATF gunwalking scandal.On January 16, 2013, U.S. President Barack Obama nominated Jones to serve as permanent director of the ATF. Due to opposition from gun rights lobbies, the ATF had not had a permanent director since the position was made subject to U.S. Senate approval in 2006. On July 31, the Senate confirmed him as head of the ATF."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_North_Carolina,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in North Carolina took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. North Carolina voters chose 15 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.On election day, Mitt Romney narrowly carried the state of North Carolina, winning 50.39% of the vote to Barack Obama's 48.35%, a margin of 2.04%. North Carolina was one of just two states (along with Indiana) which flipped from voting for Obama in 2008 to voting Republican in 2012. Like Indiana, North Carolina had been a reliably Republican state prior to Obama's 2008 win, having not previously gone Democratic since 1976. Unlike Indiana, however, North Carolina was still considered a competitive swing state in 2012, and both campaigns targeted it heavily, with the Democrats even holding their convention in Charlotte, North Carolina. Despite Obama's loss, the closeness of the race suggests North Carolina will likely remain a vital swing state in future elections."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Rhode_Island,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Rhode Island took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Rhode Island voters chose four electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Rhode Island was won by Democratic nominee and incumbent President Barack Obama by a 27.5% margin of victory. This was the seventh straight win for the Democratic Party in Rhode Island on the presidential level. It was also the seventh time in a row that the Democratic nominee for President won all five counties and the sixth consecutive time that a Republican nominee failed to brake 40% of the vote in the Ocean State."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Oklahoma,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Oklahoma took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Oklahoma voters chose seven electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Oklahoma in recent years has become one of the most conservative states in the nation; in both 2008 and 2004, Republicans took over 65% of the vote in Oklahoma and won every county in the state. In 2012, this Republican trend continued as Mitt Romney swept the state of Oklahoma with 66.77% of the vote, while Barack Obama took only 33.23%."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Oregon,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 6, 2012, as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Oregon voters chose seven electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.On election day, Obama carried Oregon with 54.24% of the vote to Romney's 42.15%, a Democratic victory margin of 12.09%. The Democrats have won the state in every presidential election since 1988."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Texas,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Texas took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Texas voters chose 38 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Mitt Romney won the state of Texas with 57.17%, over Barack Obama's 41.38%, a margin of 15.78%. As in past elections, President Obama and the Democrats won in major metropolitan areas such as Austin, El Paso, Dallas, San Antonio, and Houston, but Republicans were able to overwhelm the urban vote by sweeping the vast rural areas and suburbs of Texas by large margins."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_South_Dakota,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in South Dakota took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. South Dakota voters chose three electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Vermont,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Vermont took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Vermont voters chose three electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Repeating his success from 2008, Obama again carried Vermont in a landslide, taking 66.57% of the vote to Romney's 30.97%, a Democratic victory margin of 35.60%.A very liberal Northeastern state, Vermont was the second most Democratic state in the nation, weighing in as a whopping 32% more Democratic than the national average in the 2012 election.Obama's victory margin in 2012 represented a slightly reduced margin from 2008, although it remained the second most Democratic showing in Vermont's history, after 2008. The results of the 2012 election made Vermont the second most Democratic state in the nation, only surpassed by the results in Obama's birth state of Hawaii."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Tennessee,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Tennessee took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Tennessee voters chose 11 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Mitt Romney received Tennessee's 11 electoral votes after he garnered 59.48% of the popular vote in Tennessee, to Barack Obama's 39.08%.Much like in previous elections, larger metropolitan areas such as Memphis and Nashville were won by the Democratic Party, but rural areas overwhelmingly favored the Republican Party. Barack Obama proved especially unpopular among the state's conservative electorate; consequently, Mitt Romney's 20.4% margin of victory was the strongest Republican win in Tennessee since 1972."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Ohio,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Ohio took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Ohio voters chose 18 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.According to Secretary of State Jon Husted's website, President Obama won the popular vote in Ohio with 50.67% of the vote over Mitt Romney in second place at 47.69%, a Democratic victory margin of 2.98%."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Pennsylvania,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 6, 2012, as part of the 2012 general election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Pennsylvania voters chose 20 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote. This is a reduction from its 2008 delegation, which had 21 electors; the change was due to reapportionment following the 2010 United States Census. Pennsylvania's 20 electoral votes are allotted on a winner-take-all basis.Democratic incumbent President Barack Obama received 52.0% of the vote, versus 46.6% for Republican challenger Mitt Romney. Also on the ballot were Jill Stein (of the Green Party) and Gary Johnson (of the Libertarian Party), who received 0.4% and 0.9%, respectively. Other candidates could run as write-in candidates. The state had been considered likely, but not certain, to go to Obama.The primary election to select the Democratic and Republican candidates had been held previously, on April 24, 2012. The Democrats have won the state in every presidential election since 1992."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_West_Virginia,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in West Virginia took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. West Virginia voters chose five electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. On election day, Mitt Romney defeated Barack Obama in the state of West Virginia by a landslide 26.76% margin. The Republican ticket took 62.30% of the vote to the Democratic ticket's 35.54%, and also swept every county in the state. This represented an historic loss for the Democrats in West Virginia, which had long been a Democratic stronghold up through the 1990s. Never before in West Virginia history had a Democratic presidential candidate failed to win a single county."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Virginia,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Virginia took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Virginia voters chose 13 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Virginia was won by President Barack Obama with 51.16% of the vote to Mitt Romney's 47.28%, a 3.88% margin of victory.In 2008, Obama won the state by 6.3%, becoming the first Democratic presidential candidate to win Virginia since the nationwide Democratic landslide of 1964, but it had otherwise been a reliably Republican state prior to this. Much of the Democratic gains can be attributed to the growth of progressive suburban Northern Virginia, particularly in Fairfax County, Prince William County, and Loudoun County, all of which voted for Obama twice. Obama's increased strength in this heavily populated region more than canceled out his weakness across rural Virginia. On the other hand, Obama suffered an historically poor showing even in traditionally Democratic counties of Southwest Virginia, similar to his weak performance in neighboring West Virginia.Obama became the first Democratic president since Franklin Roosevelt to carry Virginia for the Democrats in two consecutive elections."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Utah,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Utah took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Utah voters chose six electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Utah is among the most heavily Republican states, and is also the only state to have a majority Mormon population, benefiting Romney, the first Mormon to head a major party presidential ticket. He carried every county in the state, the majority by very large margins."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Kansas,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Kansas took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Kansas voters chose six electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Romney and Ryan carried Kansas with 59.66% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 38.05%, thus winning the state's six electoral votes. Obama carried only two counties: Douglas, home to liberal Lawrence and the University of Kansas; and Wyandotte, home to Kansas City and the state's largest concentration of minority voters. In 2008, Obama also carried Crawford County in southeast Kansas, but failed to do so this time."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Wyoming,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Wyoming voters chose three electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Romney carried the state with 68.64% to Obama's 27.82%, with Libertarian Gary Johnson taking 2.14%."@en .corpus341.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Take_Care_of_Our_Own> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"We Take Care of Our Own\" is a song written and recorded by American musician Bruce Springsteen. It is the first single from his album, Wrecking Ball. The single was released for download through amazon.com and iTunes on  January 18, 2012. The song made its live debut on February 12, 2012, at the 54th Grammy Awards. This song was played throughout Barack Obama's 2012 presidential campaign and after his victory speech at his headquarters in Chicago. Sales of the song rose 409% following Obama's speech at the Democratic National Convention.The song was nominated for two Grammy Awards for Best Rock Performance and Best Rock Song.Rolling Stone named the song the 32nd best song of 2012. Music critic Robert Christgau named it the best single of 2012."@en .corpus342.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Nebraska,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Nebraska took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Nebraska voters chose five electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.On election day, Mitt Romney carried the state of Nebraska, taking 59.80% of the vote to Barack Obama's 38.03%, a margin of 21.77%. Nebraska is one of two states (along with Maine) which splits its electoral votes based on the winner in each congressional district. In 2012, Romney won all 3 congressional districts, thus winning all 5 of the state's electoral votes. This was a change from 2008, when the state as a whole had voted for Republican John McCain but Democrat Barack Obama still won an electoral vote from the state. Nebraska's 2nd congressional district, home to Omaha, had split with the rest of the state and awarded one of Nebraska's electoral votes to a Democratic presidential nominee for the first time since 1964. Nebraska's 2nd congressional district, Indiana, and North Carolina were the only sources of electoral votes to change hands from Obama to the Republicans between 2008 and 2012."@en .corpus342.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Wisconsin,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Wisconsin took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Wisconsin voters chose 10 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.When all ballots were counted, Obama won 52.83% of the vote to Romney's 45.89%, a 6.94% margin of victory.While this represented a reduced margin from Obama's nearly 14-point sweep in 2008, it was still a stronger Democratic win in Wisconsin than was achieved by either John Kerry in 2004 or Al Gore in 2000; in both of those years Democrats won the state by a margin of less than 1 point. Nonetheless, the Democrats have won the state in every presidential election since 1988. Obama-Biden's win was also surprisingly comfortable in spite of the fact that Wisconsin was the home state of Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan."@en .corpus342.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wolfe,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Wolfe, Jr., is an American attorney and perennial political candidate. He challenged President Barack Obama for the Democratic Party's 2012 presidential nomination. He ultimately emerged as the most successful challenger, receiving the second-highest amount of delegates and popular votes."@en .corpus342.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_the_District_of_Columbia,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in the District of Columbia took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. D.C. voters chose three electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Obama and Biden carried the District of Columbia with 90.9% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 7.3%, thus winning the district's three electoral votes."@en .corpus342.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_presidential_trips_made_by_Barack_Obama_during_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a list of presidential trips made by Barack Obama during 2012, the fourth year of his presidency as the 44th President of the United States.This list excludes trips made within Washington, D.C., the U.S. federal capital in which the White House, the official residence and principal workplace of the President, is located. Additionally excluded are trips to Camp David, the country residence of the President, and to the private home of the Obama family in Kenwood, Chicago. It also excludes trips made as part of his reelection campaign."@en .corpus342.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Delan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dalton Delan (born August 5, 1954) is an American writer, editor, and television producer. His works with WETA, PBS and Sundance have won him numerous awards for his documentaries and primetime shows. A number of his projects include working alongside Robert Redford. He is executive producer of In Performance at the White House; bringing Bob Dylan in 2010, and Paul McCartney  to the White House in 2011, with Mick Jagger performing in 2012. So far, Delan has worked with presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton in making the In Performance at the White House possible. Delan is also an executive producer of the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor, presented by the Kennedy Center to notable names in humor and comedy. Delan is also Co-Creator and an Executive Producer of the Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Music, whose first recipient was Paul Simon, in a ceremony at the Warner Theater. He then arranged the relocation of the ceremony to the White House as part of the In Performance at the White House series on PBS, with subsequent honorees Stevie Wonder, Paul McCartney, Burt Bacharach and  Hal David, and Carole King in 2013."@en .corpus343.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Kaplan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Samuel Louis Kaplan (born 1936) was United States Ambassador to Morocco.  He was appointed ambassador in 2009 by President Barack Obama, replacing the previous ambassador Thomas T. Riley. He is one of only a few American Jews to represent the United States in a Muslim nation.Before entering the diplomatic service, Ambassador Kaplan was a well-known business and community leader in Minneapolis, where he headed a law firm that he founded in 1978.  Ambassador Kaplan attended the University of Minnesota where he earned both an undergraduate and a law degree, graduating magna cum laude, and where he served as President of the University of Minnesota Law Review."@en .corpus344.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schogini_Systems> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Schogini Systems Private Ltd.  is an ISO 9001:2008 Certified Software company that creates gaming and educational applications for iOS(iPhone, iPad), Android. They develop E-commerce and electronics products too. This company headquartered in Technopark, Kerala started operating since 1997, with US Incorporation since 2000 as Schogini, Inc. Since its inception, this company has mustered many faithful clienteles and admirers far and wide.An eco-alert app developed by this firm has received applause from the President of United States of America, Barack Obama.One of their international interns, Unmesh, who won the AppAthon 'Silicon Valley Comes to UK' 2011 Competition was awarded by the British Prime Minister, David Cameron.During a recent press meet they unveiled 2 unique apps - Chess and Khet (game) for iOS which seems to be a big hit in the iTunes Store. The company was lauded by the press for their out-of-the-box ideas of implementing few disaster alert apps for the domestic market.Altruicity, an image processing and augmented reality app, is currently shortlisted and competing in NYC Big Apps 3.0 contest.Recently Schogini Systems has successfully developed and tested an Augmented reality siren (ARS) that can detect dam fissures, can be used at unmanned railway crossings and also out at sea.The mobile application showcased by the company at 'Surakshaayanam' - international workshop on disaster reduction and contingency planning organized by Government of Kerala - can send warning signals to even distant places, if a fissure is found on the surface. The solar-powered wireless system can be used as a mobile application and also as a separate equipment in strategic areas. In case of a major disaster, it is often difficult to find out the details of the victims. A QR code developed by the company can include the entire information about the victims and casualties.Schogini Systems has won the fourth place in 'Surakshaayanam'. The stall was evaluated by Dr. Murali Thummarukudy, Chief, Disaster Risk Reduction, United Nations Environment Programme,  Geneva, 1219, Switzerland.Schogini also partnered with Don Dailey, Larry Kaufman and Luke Hooper to implement Komodo 4, a top rated Chess engine Artificial intelligence.The company is into creating interactive and educational mobile applications and has re-introduced intelligent games like chess and Khet into the sphere.Schogini Systems has appointed FIDE-ranked chess player Mohammed Salih, who is blind by birth, as their \"Brand ambassador - Intelligent Interfaces\". This is an attempt to take intelligent gaming strategies to teens and youngsters who are fast turning addicts to dumb and blood-thirsty games.As part of the new strategy, Salih challenged laser game Khet's inventor Luke Hooper for a game, at the Schogini office at Leela Inforpark, on the Technopark campus. Salih lost the match 1-0. Commenting on the game, Luke Hooper said that Salih had put up a brave fight before he lost the game, which lasted more than an hour."@en .corpus344.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Depth> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In Depth is a three-hour program that airs monthly on C-SPAN 2 as part of their Book TV programming, and features a different writer each month. Each interview covers the breadth of that author's writing career, and incorporates viewer calls and e-mails. The show is typically broadcast live the first Sunday of each month. The first program was on February 6, 2000, and was a discussion with historian John Lukacs. For the first several years of the show, episodes were not produced during the summer months.There have been a few exceptions to the practice of featuring one single author, as with the programs featuring the Strand Bookstore, Frank Williams and Edna Greene Medford's discussion of writings on Lincoln, and John K. Wilson and Jonathan Karp's discussions of the writings of Barack Obama and John McCain.Frequently, the profile will include taped footage of the author's own home or office, so as to give further perspective on how they approach the task of writing. On occasion (as with the programs with Shelby Foote and Harold Bloom) entire three-hour interviews have been conducted live at the home or office of the featured author."@en .corpus344.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Linkner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Josh Linkner (born Joshua M. Linkner, July 28, 1970) is an entrepreneur, keynote speaker, and author. He founded several companies including ePrize, an interactive promotion agency, where he served as CEO and Executive Chairman. Writing for The Wall Street Journal, Gwendolyn Bounds noted that ePrize is targeted at small businesses that don't have the resources to do this type of marketing themselves but cautioned that the service is not of the pay-per-sale type.Since 2010 Linkner has served as CEO and Managing Partner of Detroit Venture Partners, a venture capital firm helping to rebuild urban areas through technology and entrepreneurship. Detroit Venture Partners' portfolio includes DJ app Rockbot, mobile app developer Detroit Labs, and CAPTCHA replacement company Are You a Human. General partners of Detroit Venture Partners include Earvin \"Magic\" Johnson Jr.  On November 4th 2014 Linkner announced he will step down as CEO to focus on a speaker and author career. Linkner has published three books, the first Leaning Forward: Surviving/Winning in the Future of Interactive Marketing in 2007, a New York Times best-seller Disciplined Dreaming: A Proven System to Drive Breakthrough Creativity in 2011 and in 2014 \"The Road to Reinvention\" . In the latter book he states that the original thought and imagination of jazz performance (in his particular case, playing guitar with his jazz ensemble Guymon Ensley Quintet) are transferable skills for creating value in the business world.  GetAbstract said the book provides \"a clear, methodical guide to developing creativity\". His third book, The Road to Reinvention: How to Drive Disruption and Accelerate Transformation, was published May 7, 2014.He is a regular writer for Fast Company, Inc. Magazine, and Forbes. Linkner was one of the speakers at TEDx Detroit in September 2011.On August 18, 2011, U.S. President Barack Obama gave Linkner a Champion of Change award in the youth entrepreneur category. He won an Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year award in the Realizing Business Potential category for Central Great Lakes Region in 2004.Linkner studied jazz guitar at Berklee College of Music, was an Advertising major as an undergraduate at University of Florida, and holds honorary doctorate degrees from Lawrence Technological University and Walsh College.He is also Entrepreneur-In-Residence and Adjunct Professor of Applied Creativity at the University of Michigan-Dearborn.On August 30, 2013, Linkner wrote a column for the Detroit Free Press suggesting that Labor Day be retired, repurposed, and renamed Appreciation Day, Passion Day, Kindness Day, or Give Back Day.In an interview with Vanna Le of Forbes magazine, he stated he was optimistic about growth in high technology and innovation in general, with the exception of social media."@en .corpus344.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Class_Tax_Relief_and_Job_Creation_Act_of_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (Pub.L. 112–96, H.R. 3630, 126 Stat. 156, enacted February 22, 2012), also known as the \"payroll tax cut\", was an Act of the United States Congress. The bill was passed by the U.S. House of Representatives on February 17, 2012 by a vote of 293‑132, and by the Senate by a vote of 60‑36 on the same day. The bill was signed into law by President Barack Obama on February 22, 2012."@en .corpus344.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFL–CIO_election,_2009> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2009 election for the leadership of the AFL-CIO occurred following the announcement of incumbent president John Sweeney's retirement. The election took place during the 26th AFL-CIO National Convention in Pittsburgh.The event was preceded by a 2008 speech at which then-Secretary-Treasurer Richard Trumka had blasted the perceived racism being directed against 2008 Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama, increasing his profile both inside and outside the labor movement. Trumka, who had served as Secretary-Treasurer since first being elected in 1995, received no contest for the position of president."@en .corpus345.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_of_Syria_Group> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Group of Friends of the Syrian People (sometimes: Friends of Syria Group or Friends of the Syrian People Group or Friends of Democratic Syria or simply Friends of Syria) is an international diplomatic collective of countries and bodies convening periodically on the topic of Syria outside the  U.N. Security Council.  The collective was created in response to a Russian and Chinese veto on a Security Council resolution condemning Syria; American president Barack Obama has stated that it was organized by the United States."@en .corpus345.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chardon_High_School_shooting> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Chardon High School shooting occurred on February 27, 2012, at Chardon High School in Chardon, Ohio, United States.  Three male students died within two days following the incident. Two other students were hospitalized, one of whom sustained several serious injuries requiring extensive rehabilitation, and the other suffered a minor injury. The seriously injured victim has since been declared permanently paralyzed. A sixth student sustained a superficial wound.While rumors of a warning of the event having been posted on the Internet circulated, student witnesses identified the shooter as Thomas \"T. J.\" Lane III, a 17 year-old juvenile. Although police were initially hesitant to publicly identify the juvenile after he was apprehended, by the evening of February 28, authorities confirmed that the suspect was Lane.The weapon Lane used in the shooting was a .22 caliber handgun.  At an initial court hearing, the prosecutor revealed that he admitted to shooting 10 rounds of ammunition from the gun during the shooting, which began in the school cafeteria at approximately 7:30 a.m., shortly after school began. Although Lane told police that he did not know the victims and that they were chosen randomly, witnesses stated that it appeared he targeted a specific student and the group he was sitting with in the cafeteria.After the shooting occurred, Lane reportedly left the building.  Witnesses stated he was chased from the building by a teacher, and was arrested a short time later in a location outside the school. Lane was ultimately indicted on three counts of aggravated murder, two counts of aggravated attempted murder, and one count of felonious assault. He was initially detained as a juvenile pending further court action.Reaction to the event prompted a statement from Ohio Governor, John Kasich. Several prayer vigils were held and a fund for the victims was established. Thousands of people attended one of the vigils, at which the Governor spoke, the night after the attack. President Barack Obama gave his condolences to the school principal in a telephone call following the incident. Analysis of the crime and comparisons to similar attacks began immediately following the shooting.In May, 2013, a judge determined that Lane was competent to stand trial.  Later that month the decision was made to charge Lane as an adult.  He pleaded guilty and received three life sentences on March 19, 2013.On September 11, 2014, Lane, along with two other inmates, escaped from Allen Correctional Institution in Lima, Ohio.  He was recaptured the following day."@en .corpus345.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Griffin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chad Hunter Griffin (born July 16, 1973) is an American political strategist best known for his work advocating for LGBT rights in the United States.Griffin got his start in politics volunteering for the Bill Clinton presidential campaign, which led to a position in the White House Press Office at the age of 19. Following his stint in the White House and his graduation from Georgetown University, he led a number of political campaigns advocating for or against various California ballot initiatives, as well as a number of fundraising efforts for political candidates, such as Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.Following the 2008 passage of California's highly publicized Proposition 8, which barred the recognition of same-sex marriage, Griffin founded the American Foundation for Equal Rights (AFER) to overturn the law. AFER's challenge, Perry v. Brown was ultimately successful following a decision by the United States Supreme Court in June 2013. In 2012, Griffin was appointed president of the Human Rights Campaign, the largest LGBT rights organization in the United States."@en .corpus345.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democrats:_Say_I_Do> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Democrats: Say I Do is a political campaign by American LGBT rights pressure group Freedom to Marry to persuade the Democratic Party to formally adopt same-sex marriage (also known as \"marriage equality\") as part of the party's platform at the 2012 Democratic National Convention. The proposed plank builds upon past planks opposing the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act and supporting civil rights and protections on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. However, the party has not yet officially adopted an explicit endorsement of same-sex marriage as part of its campaign platform. In addition, incumbent president Barack Obama has not formally endorsed same-sex marriage, despite allegations of a pre-presidential endorsement of the same and presently backing legal recognition of same-sex unions at the state level."@en .corpus345.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonadmitted_and_Reinsurance_Reform_Act_of_2010> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On July 21, 2010, President Barack Obama signed into law the federal Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (\"Dodd-Frank\"), which contains the Nonadmitted and Reinsurance Reform Act of 2010 (\"NRRA\").  The NRRA applies to nonadmitted insurance, which includes surplus line insurance and directly-procured insurance, and to reinsurance."@en .corpus345.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Reed> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harper Reed (born March 21, 1978) is the CEO of Modest Inc. In 2011, he took the role of CTO for Barack Obama's 2012 re-election campaign. From 2005 to 2009, he was the CTO of clothing company Threadless.Besides his claims of technical accomplishments, Reed is known for his punk-rock hair-style. He has subtitled himself as \"pretty awesome\" and \"pretty much one of the coolest guys ever\".According to The Guardian, Reed's \"background in crowd-sourcing and cloud-computing ... gives a significant clue to what the Obama team hoped to achieve in 2012\"."@en .corpus345.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asheville_Zombie_Walk> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Asheville Zombie Walk started in October 2006 as a flash mob. Several hundred participants gathered in a cemetery in Asheville, North Carolina following prompts from MySpace and flyers. Throughout the years, the walk grew into the family-friendly Ashtoberfest, a program featuring additional events like zombie-themed bands and games.During the 2008 presidential campaign between Barack Obama and John McCain, vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin made a campaign appearance in Asheville on World Zombie Day. Hundreds of zombie marchers broke off from the Zombie Walk to protest Palin’s appearance at the town’s civic center.Founder Dan Burrello understood that Palin’s appearance and the Zombie Walk might clash and was able to address the situation beforehand. Burrello said, “I mean, when you see 700 shambling dead zombies walking toward the Civic Center up the bridge, it would probably get the Secret Service's attention. So we gave them a heads up on it to make sure they know we're not doing any kind of protest or (are a) threat in anyway.”The Asheville zombie Palin protestors appeared in several national media programs, including “Countdown with Keith Olbermann” on MSNBC.In October 2011, the Zombie Walk moved from downtown Asheville to the Biltmore Square Mall on the outskirts of the city. Burello said having the walk at a mall was an homage to the 1978 classic zombie film “Dawn of the Dead.” One performer of note in 2011 was Secret Agent 23 Skidoo, who appears on the Grammy Award-winning album “All About Bullies. . . Big and Small.”"@en .corpus345.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Academy_(West_Palm_Beach,_Florida)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The King's Academy is a private Christian preschool, elementary school, and secondary school located in West Palm Beach, Florida. Established in 1970, it is run by a self-perpetuating, independent board of governors. The school was officially opened on the campus of Belvedere Baptist Church in West Palm Beach, Florida in August 1970 by a group of Christian business leaders.In 1971, the school purchased a 20 acre campus on Cherry Road where it remained until the 2004 school year. In August 2005, The King's Academy moved to its current 60 acre location. In 2010, the school opened a second high school location on Caribbean Avenue in Clewiston, Florida.In 1986, the school received national recognition as one of the top 60 private schools in the country for excellence in education from President Ronald Reagan and U.S. Secretary of Education William Bennett. Arne Duncan, U.S. Secretary of Education for President Barack Obama, also named the school a 2014 National Blue Ribbon School as an Exemplary High Performing School; one of 50 private schools to receive the honor. In 2007, Christian school researcher Dr. Gene Frost cited the school as one of the seven best Christian schools in America in his book, Learning from the Best: Growing Greatness in the Christian School. In 2014, Dr. Frost reiterated the school’s top seven national ranking.Since 1970, three presidents have overseen the day-to-day operations of the school; Dr. Kye Harris (1970-1974), Mr. M. Nelson Loveland (1974-1999), and Mr. Jeffrey M. Loveland (1999–present)."@en .corpus346.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assistant_Secretary_for_Arms_Control,_Verification,_and_Compliance> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Assistant Secretary of State for Arms Control, Verification and Compliance is the head of the Bureau of Arms Control, Verification and Compliance. Formerly known as the Bureau of Verification, Compliance and Implementation. The position was created on December 12, 1999 by Secretary Albright as the Assistant Secretary of State for Verification and Compliance. The Bureau became fully operational on February 1, 2000. Within the Department, the Assistant Secretary is responsible for all matters relating to the supervision of verification and compliance with international arms control, nonproliferation, and disarmament agreements. On March 17, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated former United States Department of Energy official Rose Gottemoeller to fill the position. She was confirmed by the Senate on April 3, 2009. Gottemoeller is an expert in Russian defense and nuclear issues.The Assistant Secretary advises the Secretary of State and the Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security/Senior Adviser to the President and the Secretary of State for Arms Control, Nonproliferation and Disarmament on the appropriate uses of the \"Key Verification Assets Fund,\" and manages the fund.The Assistant Secretary is also responsible for the President's Annual Report to Congress on Adherence to and Compliance with Arms Control Agreements, for Verifiability Assessments for all international arms control and nonproliferation agreements, and for specialized compliance reports required by U.S. Senate Resolutions of ratification, such as the Chemical Weapons Convention."@en .corpus346.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumpstart_Our_Business_Startups_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act or JOBS Act, is a law intended to encourage funding of United States small businesses by easing various securities regulations. It passed with bipartisan support, and was signed into law by President Barack Obama on April 5, 2012. The term \"The JOBS Act\" is also sometimes used informally to refer to just Titles II and III of the legislation which are the two most important pieces to much of the equity crowdfunding and startup community. Title II went into effect on September 23, 2013.  Title III rulings are scheduled for October 2015 [1]."@en .corpus346.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Foster_(attorney)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles C. Foster is an American immigration attorney and co-chairman of the Houston-based law firm FosterQuan, LLP. One of the most accomplished immigration attorneys in the U.S., Foster has earned top awards from organizations including Chambers and Partners,  Texas Monthly magazine, and the American Immigration Law Foundation. He also serves as the Honorary Consul General of the Kingdom of Thailand in Houston and has received four Royal decorations from His Majesty, King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand.In addition to his work as an attorney, Foster’s past activities include a membership on the Bush-Cheney Presidential Transition Committee for the Department of Justice in 2001, a position as a Senior Immigration Policy Advisor for the George W. Bush presidential campaigns in both 2000 and 2004, and an advisory role in Barack Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign. His political contributions also include testimonies before the U.S. House and Senate subcommittees on immigration.Foster is best known for his role in helping ballet performer Li Cunxin stay in the United States over the objections of Chinese Communist Party officials, which was memorialized in Cunxin’s autobiography Mao’s Last Dancer and later in a film by the same name."@en .corpus346.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Fluke> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sandra Kay Fluke (/flʊk/; born April 17, 1981) is an American attorney and women's rights activist. She first came to public attention when, in February 2012, Republican members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee refused to allow her to testify to that committee on the importance of requiring insurance plans to cover birth control during a discussion on whether medical insurance should have a contraception mandate. She later spoke to only House Democratic members.Fluke supported President Barack Obama's re-election campaign in 2012 and was a featured speaker at the 2012 Democratic National Convention. She ran for the State Senate seat of Ted Lieu, who vacated the seat to run for the Congressional seat being vacated by Henry Waxman, but Fluke lost to fellow Democrat Ben Allen."@en .corpus346.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_We've_Traveled> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Road We've Traveled is a 2012 documentary film about the events of Barack Obama's presidency. Directed by Davis Guggenheim, the documentary was produced by Obama's re-election campaign and was narrated by Tom Hanks."@en .corpus346.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alba_Encarnación> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alba Nidia \"Miss Pupa\" Encarnación Ayala (February 2, 1956 - 11 March 2012) was a sixth-grade public school teacher and community leader in Vieques, Puerto Rico. A  devoted Catholic, she always put God first; and that was her foundation, passion and strength for living a life of service to others. She advocated for the rights of the people of Vieques and Puerto Rico in general. She was the voice for better Maritime Transportation and health services which are crucial for the people of Vieques, Women's rights, the poor and the outcast; fought against prejudice, racism and injustice. She also helped lead the movement to end U.S. Navy bombings in the island-municipality and have the lands expropriated by the Navy in the 1940s returned to civilian use. She died on 11 March 2012 in the hospital del Maestro in Vieques, due to complications of diabetes.Contrary to most leaders in the fight against the use of Vieques lands as a target range and amphibious landing training grounds for Naval and U.S. Marine forces, Encarnación was a supporter of statehood for Puerto Rico, and was highly respected by Puerto Ricans from all political ideologies. In 2008, during a visit by Chelsea Clinton to Vieques, Encarnación, along with then mayor Dámaso Serrano endorsed Hillary Clinton for President and was instrumental in the New York senator's 66% to 34% win over Barack Obama in Vieques. Puerto Rican Independence Party President Rubén Berríos stated that \"Puerto Rico lost one of the most prominent leaders and spokespersons in the fight against the Navy on the island of Vieques\" In her honor, Governor Luis G. Fortuño ordered all United States and Puerto Rico flags to fly at half-staff at all public facilities in Puerto Rico on the day of her burial. House Speaker Jennifer González announced that one of the Maritime Transportation Authority vessels would be named after the late community leader."@en .corpus346.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Babur> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lower Babur is a village in the Arghandab District of Kandahar Province in southern Afghanistan that was destroyed by American military forces in October and November 2010.In the Autumn of 2010, the United States Army launched Operation Dragon Strike in Kandahar as a part of U.S. President Barack Obama's broader troop surge strategy in Afghanistan. After experiencing high casualties in Arghandab, Lt. Col. David S. Flynn of the American 1-320th field artillery, a part of the 101st Airborne Division, ordered villagers in some villages to diffuse IEDs or leave their villages, which would be destroyed by aerial bombardment. Flynn maintained that villagers knew the location of IEDs; some villagers later stated that they would coordinate with insurgents to travel safely along certain paths at certain hours of the day.Flynn later explained that the villages were empty of people and full of IEDs, a claim repeated by The New York Times. Villagers near Lower Babur disputed this account during interviews with IPS, explaining that they had evacuated their homes prior to the American offensive, but returned regularly to tend to their properties.Few media sources describe the destruction of Lower Babur specifically. Arghandab District governor Shah Muhammed Ahmadi reported that 6 villages had been destroyed, with his assent and the agreement of their inhabitants. In April 2011, Bob Strong of Reuters reported that \"a walk through what was once the village of lower Babur revealed a narrow strip of rubble surrounded by orchards and forest on both sides, testimony to the force of U.S. bombing.\" Strong noted that the village mosque had been rebuilt. In August 2011, Sean Martin reported that 20 small houses had been \"rebuilt\" by the \"Kandahar Provincial Reconstruction Team.\" Afghans had not yet moved back into their village."@en .corpus346.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13603> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Defense Resources Preparedness executive order (Executive Order 13603) is an order of the United States' President signed by President Barack Obama on March 16, 2012.  The purpose of this executive order is to delegate authority and address national defense resource policies and programs under the Defense Production Act of 1950. Executive Order 13603 provides the framework and authority for the allocation or appropriation of resources, materials and services to promote national defense.Contrary to a few initial claims otherwise, the Order appears to update long-existing directives that have been issued as far back as the Truman Administration and makes no claim to allowing the federal government to confiscate private property."@en .corpus346.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_v._Approximately_64,695_Pounds_of_Shark_Fins> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "United States v. Approximately 64,695 Pounds of Shark Fins (520 F.3d 976) is a 2008 decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit concerning civil forfeiture in admiralty law. Judge Stephen Reinhardt wrote for a three-judge panel that ordered that the shark fins be returned to their owners, reversing a decision by the Southern District of California. The government did not appeal the case further.The case began in 2002 when a Coast Guard crew working from a Navy ship stopped and searched the King Diamond II, a U.S.-flagged, Hong Kong-based vessel in international waters off the coast of Guatemala. On board the ship they found shark fins, equivalent to 32.3 tons (29.3 tonnes) but without any corresponding shark carcasses. The Coast Guard, upon further investigation, found documentary evidence that the KD II had arranged to meet fishing vessels at predetermined locations and buy various quantities of fins. These activities were believed to violate the Shark Finning Prohibition Act of 2000 (SFPA). The fins were thus seized and the ship escorted to San Diego, the nearest American port.Federal agencies filed charges against the KD II '​s owner, operator and captain. They further sought forfeiture of the fins under in rem jurisdiction, resulting in the unusual case title. Judge Barry Ted Moskowitz granted the order in 2005. The boat's owners appealed to the Ninth Circuit, which reversed Moskowitz three years later. It held that the seizure was illegal for three reasons: the KD II '​s activities did not meet the definition of a fishing vessel under the Magnuson–Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. Since it did not, under the SFPA, the fins could not have been lawfully seized on the high seas. In 2011, President Barack Obama signed the Shark Conservation Act into law, which closed these loopholes."@en .corpus347.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2014_Nuclear_Security_Summit> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2014 Nuclear Security Summit was a summit held in The Hague, the Netherlands, on March 24 and 25, 2014. It was the third edition of the conference, succeeding the 2012 Nuclear Security Summit. The 2014 summit was attended by 58 world leaders (5 of which from observing international organizations), some 5,000 delegates and some 3,000 journalists. The representatives attending the summit included U.S. President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping.The main goal of the conference was generally to improve international cooperation and more specifically to assess which of the objectives that were set at the previous summits in Washington, D.C. and Seoul had not been accomplished in the previous four years and proposing ways of achieving them.The Nuclear Security Summit aimed to prevent nuclear terrorism by: reducing the amount of dangerous nuclear material in the world - especially Highly Enriched Uranium (HEU); improving the security of all nuclear material and radioactive sources; improving international cooperation.Some of the participating countries were interested in leading a certain security theme to a higher level. They could do so by offering a 'gift basket', which is an extra initiative that can function as a role model for a specific security aspect (provided that it is supported by other countries). The Netherlands, for example, has been developing a gift basket that improves expertise and (international) cooperation regarding nuclear forensics with the help of the Netherlands Forensic Institute.Although nuclear terrorism and its prevention by reducing and securing nuclear supplies are officially the main topic, the Ukraine crisis overshadowed the talks. The event formed the backdrop for an emergency meeting of G7 leaders on Russia’s annexation of Crimea earlier in March 2014. Russian President Vladimir Putin was not attending, instead sending Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who was expected to hold talks with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Rose Gottemoeller, the U.S. Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security. Notable absentees from the summit were North Korea and Iran, excluded by mutual consent."@en .corpus347.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Rogak> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lisa Rogak is an American author, primarily of biographies and other nonfiction books. She is also a freelance magazine writer.Barack Obama: In His Own Words, which Rogak edited, hit the New York Times bestseller list. Her biography of Stephen King, Haunted Heart, was nominated for a 2010 Edgar Award for Best Critical / Biographical Work.Rogak grew up in Glen Rock, New Jersey and now lives in New Hampshire."@en .corpus348.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arun_Chaudhary> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Arun Chaudhary is a documentarian and the first official videographer of White House, serving in the role from 2009-2011 and directing West Wing Week. Leaving the position in August 2011, he joined mobile-messaging startup Revolution Messaging in 2012 as senior vice president of communications. Prior to the White House, he previously served as New Media Road Director for President Barack Obama's 2008 presidential election campaign, having been recruited to the campaign by Chief Campaign Digital Strategist Joe Rospars."@en .corpus348.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Commerce_for_Standards_and_Technology> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology, or USC(ST), is a high-ranking official in the United States Department of Commerce and the principal advisor to the United States Secretary of Commerce on the technological development. The Under Secretary is dual hatted as the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology within the Commerce Department.The Under Secretary is appointed by the President of the United States with the consent of the United States Senate to serve at the pleasure of the President. The current Under Secretary is Dr. Patrick D. Gallagher, who was appointed by President Barack Obama on November 5, 2009."@en .corpus348.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyber_Intelligence_Sharing_and_Protection_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA H.R. 3523 (112th Congress), H.R. 624 (113th Congress), H.R. 234 (114th Congress)) is a proposed law in the United States which would allow for the sharing of Internet traffic information between the U.S. government and technology and manufacturing companies. The stated aim of the bill is to help the U.S. government investigate cyber threats and ensure the security of networks against cyberattacks.The legislation was introduced on November 30, 2011, by Representative Michael Rogers (R-MI) and 111 co-sponsors. It was passed in the House of Representatives on April 26, 2012, but was not passed by the U.S. Senate. President Barack Obama's advisers have argued that the bill lacks confidentiality and civil liberties safeguards, and the White House said he would veto it.In February 2013 the House reintroduced the bill and it passed in the United States House of Representatives on April 18, 2013, but stalled and has not been voted upon by the Senate. On July 10, 2014 a similar bill, the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA), was introduced in the Senate.In January 2015 the House reintroduced the bill again. The bill currently has been Referred to the Committee on Intelligence to see if it will come to the House for a vote.CISPA has been criticized by advocates of Internet privacy and civil liberties, such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the American Civil Liberties Union, Free Press, Fight for the Future, and Avaaz.org, as well as various conservative and libertarian groups including the Competitive Enterprise Institute, TechFreedom, FreedomWorks, Americans for Limited Government, Liberty Coalition, and the American Conservative Union. Those groups argue CISPA contains too few limits on how and when the government may monitor a private individual’s Internet browsing information. Additionally, they fear that such new powers could be used to spy on the general public rather than to pursue malicious hackers. CISPA had garnered favor from corporations and lobbying groups such as Microsoft, Facebook, AT&T, IBM, Apple Inc. and the United States Chamber of Commerce, which look on it as a simple and effective means of sharing important cyber threat information with the government.Some critics saw wording included in CISPA as a second attempt to protect intellectual property after the Stop Online Piracy Act was taken off the table by Congress after it met opposition. Intellectual property theft was initially listed in the bill as a possible cause for sharing Web traffic information with the government, though it was removed in subsequent drafts."@en .corpus348.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/STOCK_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act (\"STOCK\" Act, Pub.L. 112–105, S. 2038, 126 Stat. 291, enacted April 4, 2012), is an Act of Congress designed to combat insider trading. It was signed into law by President Barack Obama on April 4, 2012. The bill prohibits the use of non-public information for private profit, including insider trading by members of Congress and other government employees. It confirms changes to the Commodity Exchange Act, specifies reporting intervals for financial transactions.The bill was introduced by United States Senator Joseph Lieberman (I-CT) on January 26, 2012, and passed in the Senate by a 96-3 vote. Later the House of Representatives passed it by a 417-2 vote. The bill was supported heavily by vulnerable incumbents and signed into law by President Obama.According to the current United States Senate Select Committee on Ethics, \"A member, officer, or employee of the Senate shall not receive any compensation, nor shall he permit any compensation to accrue to his beneficial interest from any source, the receipt or accrual of which would occur by virtue of influence improperly exerted from his position as a member, officer, or employee\""@en .corpus348.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Stevens_(producer)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael Stevens (born November 21, 1966) is an American producer, writer and director who has won multiple Emmy Awards.Since 2002 he has been the writer and producer of the annual Kennedy Center Honors.  His productions of the TV special of the Honors event have secured the show an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Variety, Music Or Comedy Special in five consecutive years – 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 – winning the award in the latter three years.His other work includes writing and/or producing and/or directing many live events and TV productions including multiple productions of the annual Christmas in Washington TV special, several presentations of the AFI’s The American Film Institute Salutes… specials and HBO’s inaugural celebration in 2009 for President Barack Obama."@en .corpus348.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Rhodes_(White_House_staffer)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Benjamin J. Rhodes (born 1977) is the current deputy national security adviser for strategic communication for U.S. President Barack Obama. His formal title is \"Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategic Communications and Speechwriting.\" Rhodes has been a foreign policy speechwriter for Obama since 2007. He is a graduate of New York's Collegiate School, Rice University, and New York University."@en .corpus348.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_New_Hampshire,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 United States presidential election in New Hampshire took place on November 4, 2008, as part of the 2008 United States presidential election throughout all 50 states and D.C. Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Democratic nominee Barack Obama won the state with a margin of 9.61 percentage points. Obama took 54.13% to Republican John McCain's 44.52%. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. The state was originally thought to be a swing state in 2008 for a number of reasons. New Hampshire is considerably more fiscally conservative than its neighbors in New England and has a strong disdain for taxes, giving the Republicans an edge in the state. However, like the rest of New England, it is considerably more liberal and laissez-faire on social issues like abortion and gay rights, which helps the Democrats. Also, McCain was very popular among Republicans based on the fact that he won both the 2000 and 2008 primaries here. In 2008, Obama lost the primary to Hillary Clinton. However after the financial crisis, Obama pulled away in the pre-election polls.The 2008 result made Barack Obama the first Democratic presidential nominee to sweep all 10 of New Hampshire's counties. Obama even won a majority of the vote in traditionally staunchly Republican Carroll County, the only county in New Hampshire (and in all of New England) to have voted for Republican Barry Goldwater in the 1964 Democratic landslide. Carroll County had not given a majority to a Democratic presidential nominee since 1888, although vote-splitting last allowed Woodrow Wilson to win a plurality there in 1912."@en .corpus348.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nudge_theory> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nudge theory (or Nudge) is a concept in behavioral science, political theory and economics which argues that positive reinforcement and indirect suggestions to try to achieve non-forced compliance can influence the motives, incentives and decision making of groups and individuals, at least as effectively – if not more effectively - than direct instruction, legislation, or enforcement.Nudge Theory's most celebrated influences include the formation of a British Behavioural Insights Team, often called the ‘Nudge Unit’, in the British Cabinet Office, headed up by Dr David Halpern and US President Barack Obama's appointment of Cass R. Sunstein as administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. In Australia, the government of New South Wales established a Behavioural Insights community of practice. The \"Nudge\" idea has been criticised. Dr Tammy Boyce, from public health foundation The King's Fund, has said:We need to move away from short-term, politically motivated initiatives such as the 'nudging people' idea, which are not based on any good evidence and don't help people make long-term behaviour changes."@en .corpus349.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKDKnickerbocker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "SKDKnickerbocker is a progressive public relations and political consulting firm that specializes in working for Democratic Party politicians. It has offices in Washington, DC, New York City, and Albany, NY.  The firm employs notable figures like former Obama White House Communications Director Anita Dunn and former recording industry lobbyist Hilary Rosen.The firm was formed in 2004 when Squier Knapp Dunn Communications and Knickerbocker Consulting merged.  In 2010, they took the name SKDKnickerbocker to \"formalize the merger.\"SKDK's current and former political clients include Barack Obama, Andrew Cuomo, Michael Bloomberg, Christine Quinn. The firm was reportedly hired by women's rights and birth control advocate Sandra Fluke.In 2011, the firm was hired to coordinate a lobbying campaign called \"WIN America\" calling for hundreds of billions in tax breaks on corporate profits made overseas.  The firm was paid by Kaplan University to lobby against regulation of the for-profit education industry."@en .corpus349.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_H._Sabo,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Leslie Halasz Sabo, Jr. (Hungarian: ifj. Halász Szabó László) (22 February 1948 – 10 May 1970) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Vietnam War. He received the highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the Cambodian Campaign in 1970.Born in Kufstein, Austria, Sabo's family immigrated to the United States when he was young and moved to Ellwood City, Pennsylvania. Sabo dropped out of college and was drafted into the U.S. Army in 1969, becoming a member of the 506th Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division. On 10 May 1970 Sabo's unit was on an interdiction mission near Se San, Cambodia when they were ambushed from all sides by the Vietnam People's Army. Sabo repeatedly exposed himself to North Vietnamese fire, protecting other soldiers from a grenade blast and providing covering fire for American helicopters until he was killed. Sabo was nominated for the Medal of Honor shortly after his death, but the records were lost. In 1999 a fellow Vietnam War veteran came across the records and began the process of reopening Sabo's nomination. Following several delays, Sabo's widow received the Medal of Honor from President Barack Obama on 16 May 2012, 42 years after his death."@en .corpus349.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_with_It> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "STAY WITH IT is a campaign in the United States intended to encourage and motivate engineering students to stay with the field of study and graduate with an engineer's degree.It is a collaboration between the President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness, the private sector and academia.It officially launched on March 14, 2012 with a Day of Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology, and made available to a nationwide audience through a webcast on Facebook Live. The webcast opened with a message from President Barack Obama. Major General Bolden noted the occasion, saying that his message to students is simple: “Stay With It! Stay with your studies. Stay with your research.  Stay with your dreams as you prepare to take your rightful place as the next great generation of American engineers, innovators and leaders.\""@en .corpus349.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_S._Ellenbogen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Prof. Marc S. Ellenbogen (born 6 February 1963 in Heidelberg) is an American businessman, diplomat and philanthropist, who is Chairman of the Global Panel Foundation (de), President of the Prague Society and former Member of the National Advisory Board of the US Democratic Party (2004-2010) and former Vice Chair & Founding Trustee of the Democratic Expat Leadership Council.In 2009 U.S. President Barack Obama nominated Ellenbogen to be Ambassador to Bulgaria. Prof. Ellenbogen has spent nearly two decades seeking justice against former Communist officials and members of the Communist-era secret police. He is known for his efforts to fight against corruption in Central and Eastern Europe. A respected Ambassador once described Ellenbogen as \"something akin to an anti- Communist Bounty Hunter.\""@en .corpus349.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Goode_presidential_campaign,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Virgil Goode presidential campaign of 2012 began when former U.S. Congressman Virgil Goode of Virginia announced his decision to seek the 2012 presidential nomination of the Constitution Party in February 2012. During the nomination campaign, he put forth a four point plank that included his plans to restrict immigration, balance the federal budget, decrease the size of government, and institute congressional term limits.After winning the Constitution Party's presidential nomination on the first ballot at the party's April 2012 national convention, Goode chose outgoing party chairman Jim Clymer as his running mate. The ticket coordinated ballot access efforts to add to the 16 states on which they had already qualified. Goode focused on his home state of Virginia, where polls showed the ticket with five to nine percent support.During the general election campaign, Goode participated in numerous media interviews, and continuously faced criticism that he would act as a \"spoiler\" and take votes away from presumptive Republican Party nominee Mitt Romney and help President Barack Obama win re-election. In response, Goode argued that he was in the race to win and would take votes away from both candidates. By discussing alternative solutions, restricting individual campaign donations to $200 and not accepting money from Political Action Committees, Goode cast himself as a grassroots \"average citizen\" that offered a distinct choice for voters outside of \"Tweedledum and Tweedledee\"."@en .corpus349.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Jonell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lynne Jonell is an American children's books author. She lives in Plymouth, Minnesota.Her book The Secret of Zoom was chosen by School Library Journal as a best book of 2009, and in 2010, President Barack Obama purchased the book for his daughter."@en .corpus35.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_House_of_Representatives_elections,_2000> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The elections for the United States House of Representatives in 2000 coincided with the election of George W. Bush as President.  The Republican Party narrowly lost seats to the Democratic Party, reducing their majority slightly to just three seats.This marked the third time in a row that Democrats gained on the majority Republicans. Like the 1990 election, both major parties lost votes to the Libertarian Party, the Green Party and other third parties in addition to independent candidates.  The resulting balance of seats, 221 to 212, was the slimmest majority held by either party since 1952.Future President Barack Obama unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic nomination to represent Illinois's 1st congressional district.This was the last congressional election that chose members from districts drawn based on the 1990 census."@en .corpus350.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_on_Women> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "War on Women is an expression in United States politics used to describe certain Republican Party policies and legislation as a wide-scale effort to restrict women's rights, especially reproductive rights. Prominent Democrats such as Nancy Pelosi and Barbara Boxer, as well as feminists, have used the phrase to criticize proponents of these laws as trying to force their social views on women through legislation. The expression is used to describe Republican policies in areas such as access to reproductive health services, particularly birth control and abortion services; the prosecution of criminal violence against women; the definition of rape for the purpose of the public funding of abortion; and workplace discrimination against women.While used in other contexts, and prior to 2010, it became a common message in American political discourse after the 2010 congressional elections. The term is often used to describe policies that reduce or eliminate taxpayer funding for women's health organizations such as Planned Parenthood, in attempts to restrict abortion subsidies. Other areas in dispute include public funding and/or mandatory employer insurance coverage of such matters as contraception and sterilization.The phrase and the concept have been criticized by Republicans and some pro-life Democrats. Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus described it as an over-simplified fiction advanced by Democrats and the media while other Republicans contended that such rhetoric was used as a distraction from President Barack Obama and the Democrats' handling of the economy. In August 2012, Todd Akin's controversial comments regarding pregnancy and rape sparked renewed media focus on the concept. Republicans have tried to turn the phrase against Democrats by using it to argue hypocrisy for not critiquing sex scandals of members within their Party, who have cheated, sexted, and harassed women; and for not supporting bills to combat sex-selective abortion."@en .corpus350.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twitter_bomb> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The term twitter bomb or tweet bomb (also spelled as one word) refers to posting numerous (pejoratively, \"spamming\") Tweets with the same hashtags and other similar content, including @messages, from multiple accounts, with the goal of advertising a certain meme, usually by filling people's Tweet feeds with the same message, and making it a \"trending topic\" on Twitter.It is a one of the tools used in Internet activism, both by mainstream politicians like Barack Obama and by groups like Anonymous. It has also been used for commercial advertising.The earliest recorded usage of the Twitter bomb is from August 2008, when it was used by bloggers Liza Sabater and Kenneth Quinnell in response to Republican use of the #dontgo hashtag relating to offshore oil drilling. The term was used for other purposes in 2008, but the other meanings have since disappeared.An example of a Twitter bomb was the campaign organized by online activists in response to a July 31, 2009 Washington Post article on Hillary Clinton that was deemed sexist. An even earlier example, from April 2009, referred to advertising a YouTube video series Ask a Ninja. Since then, the term and tactics have entered mainstream use; in 2011 it has been used by Obama.The use of the Twitter bomb tactics has been known to misfire, as people might be offended by spamming, or trolling.With regards to numbers, an example of a Twitter bomb analyzed in one research paper described how nine fake user accounts produced 929 tweets in 138 minutes, all with a URL to a political website, presenting negative views on the U.S. politician Martha Coakley. The message might have reached about 60,000 before being eliminated by Twitter as spam."@en .corpus350.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2014_NFL_draft> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2014 NFL draft was the 79th annual meeting of National Football League (NFL) franchises to select newly eligible football players to the league. The draft, officially the \"Player Selection Meeting\", was held at Radio City Music Hall in New York on May 8th through May 10th, 2014.  The NFL Draft kicked of one of the most anticipated draft in recent years on May 8ths, 2014 at 8 pm EDT. The draft was moved from its traditional time frame in late April due to a scheduling conflict at Radio City Music Hall.There was early discussion and rumors leading up to the draft on the future of staying at the current location in New York City, where it has been held since 1965. Given the increased interest the draft has garnered over the past decade, there was belief that the event may have outgrown Radio City Music Hall, which has been the venue for the past nine drafts. The possibility of extending the draft to four days was also being discussed through out the mouths leading up to the draft. The NFL decide in that summer, that the 2015 NFL Draft will take place at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago, Illinois.The Houston Texans opened the draft by selecting defensive end Jadeveon Clowney from the University of South Carolina. The last time a defensive player was taken with the first overall selection was in 2006, when the Texans selected Mario Williams. The Texans also closed the draft with the selection of safety Lonnie Ballentine of the University of Memphis as Mr. Irrelevant, which is the title given to the final player selected.However the 2014 NFL draft made history when the St. Louis Rams selected Michael Sam, in the seventh round. Sam, who became the first openly gay player to ever be drafted in the NFL, was selected 249th out of 256 picks in the 2014 NFL Draft.  Sam came out publicly in the months leading up to the draft. U.S. President Barack Obama called Sam's selection \"an important step forward today in our nation's journey.\""@en .corpus350.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Heffern> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John A. Heffern is the United States Ambassador to Armenia. After being nominated in May 18, 2011 by United States President Barack Obama, Heffern was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 26, 2011 and sworn in as Ambassador on October 6, 2011."@en .corpus351.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Kremer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Amy Kremer is an American political activist and the chair of the Tea Party Express.Kremer previously worked for Delta Air Lines as a flight attendant, and became politically active in the Tea Party movement through Twitter and was involved in organising the first Tea Party protests in 2009. She was a founding member of Tea Party Patriots, but defected to the Tea Party Express in October 2009. During the 2010 midterm elections Kremer campaigned for candidates including Joe Miller, who ran for the U.S. Senate in Alaska. In October 2010, The Daily Telegraph named her the \"most influential\" person in the Tea Party movement.During a September 2012 appearance on CNN's Starting Point, host Soledad O'Brien and others criticised Kremer for wondering whether President Barack Obama \"loves America.\""@en .corpus352.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zack_Kopplin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Zachary \"Zack\" Sawyer  Kopplin (born July 20, 1993) is an American political activist, journalist, and television personality from Louisiana.  Kopplin has campaigned to keep creationism out of public school science classrooms and been involved with other separation of church and state causes.  He has opposed school vouchers because they provide public money to schools which may teach creationism.  As a high school student, he organized seventy-eight Nobel laureate scientists in a campaign against the Louisiana Science Education Act, a creationism law.  He is also involved with science funding policy and curriculum and textbook policy.  His new campaign calls for a launching Second Giant Leap for Humankind, calling for Barack Obama to invest $1 trillion in research and education.Kopplin has been interviewed on HBO's Real Time with Bill Maher, where Bill Maher noted, on the show, that Kopplin was the youngest guest ever to appear on his show.  MSN.com called Kopplin the Doogie Howser of political activists.  Kopplin has been featured by numerous international media outlets that include Vogue, Mashable, The New York Times, the Washington Post, io9, Slate, the Huffington Post, Moyers and Company, MSNBC, NPR, and Public Radio International.  Kopplin is a columnist for The Guardian."@en .corpus352.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/PoliticIt> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "PoliticIt is a software company located in northern Utah. It launched its website in November, 2011. PoliticIt's website was initially designed to gather web content for each major politician running in the United States presidential election, 2012, assess the digital influence each politician has, and assign each politician an \"It Score\" which measures digital influence. Since its launch, PoliticIt has expanded its services to cover gubernatorial, senatorial, and congressional candidates in all 50 U.S. states after initially producing scores for Utah politicians. PoliticIt predicted more than 480 such races in 2012 with more than 91 percent accuracy.  On PoliticIt.com, each candidate has a profile that contains background information, social network feeds, and local news.  PoliticIt produced It Scores for the United States presidential election, 2012 that indicated Barack Obama would win on Election Day."@en .corpus352.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Restricted_Buildings_and_Grounds_Improvement_Act_of_2011> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "'The Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act of 2011, also known as H.R. 347, is a federal law in the United States allowing the Secret Service extra jurisdiction to make arrests and suppress protests in cases of trespass on restricted locations and intentional disruption of government functions.H.R. 347 is a revision to section 1752 of title 18 US code. Introduced by representative Thomas Rooney (FL-16), it makes punishable by up to 10 years jail time or fine any person who does \"or conspires\" enter any \"restricted building or grounds\" or within certain \"proximity\" without lawful authority to do so, attempts to disrupt the orderly conduct of Government business. It defines restricted building or grounds as the \"(A) of the White House or its grounds, or the VicePresident’s official residence or its grounds; (B) of a building or grounds where the President orother person protected by the Secret Service is or will be temporarily visiting; or (C) of a building or grounds so restricted in conjunction with an event designated as a special event of national significance.\"The law passed Congress and was signed by President Barack Obama on April 8, 2012."@en .corpus353.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Slaughter_Andrew> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anne Slaughter Andrew is an American environmental attorney and was appointed the current United States Ambassador to Costa Rica by President Barack Obama in 2009."@en .corpus353.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Fehrnstrom> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eric Fehrnstrom is a former journalist and political consultant who was a top aide to 2012 U.S. Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney. He is a founder and principal of the Shawmut Group, a Boston-based communications consulting firm. Fehrnstrom graduated in 1984 from Boston University's College of Communications.Fehrnstrom worked as a reporter at The Boston Herald for nearly a decade, including a stint as State House bureau chief. He also served as a Senior Vice President for Corporate Communications at Hill Holliday, a marketing and advertising agency where he worked with brands including Fidelity, John Hancock Financial and Advanced Micro Devices.Fehrnstrom was communications director on Romney's winning 2002 campaign for governor of Massachusetts and continued to hold that post through all four years of the Romney governorship.In politics, Fehrnstrom has also been an Assistant State Treasurer in Massachusetts. Fehrnstrom was the strategist to US Senator Scott Brown who was responsible for the ads that propelled him to victory in the 2010 Special Election to succeed Ted Kennedy, including the \"Truck\" ad that established Brown's popular image as a regular guy.  Another ad showed black-and-white newsreel footage of President John F. Kennedy talking about tax cuts as he morphs into Brown.In the presidential campaign, Fehrnstrom sparred frequently on Twitter with David Axelrod, top adviser to President Barack Obama. The web site Politico named Fehrnstrom one of 50 \"People to Watch\" in 2012 Fehrnstrom is married, he and his wife Kathy have two children and live in Brookline, Massachusetts."@en .corpus353.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_on_social_media> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The topic of Barack Obama's usage of social media in his political campaigns, including podcasting, Twitter, MySpace, Facebook, and YouTube has been compared to the adoption of radio, television, MTV, and the Internet in slingshotting his presidential campaign to success and as thus has elicited much scholarly inquiry. In the 2008 presidential campaign Barack Obama had more \"friends\" on Facebook and Myspace and more \"followers\" on Twitter than his opponent John McCain."@en .corpus353.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Ely> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bob Ely (born 1958), also known as Robert Moulton-Ely, is an American entrepreneur and former investment banker.  He challenged President Barack Obama in several primaries for the Democratic Party's 2012 presidential nomination."@en .corpus353.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama:_The_Story> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama: The Story is a book written by David Maraniss on the life of U.S. President Barack Obama.The biography was published on June 19, 2012."@en .corpus353.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Singular_Woman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A Singular Woman: The Untold Story of Barack Obama's Mother is a 2011 book by former New York Times journalist Janny Scott. It is a biography of Ann Dunham, the mother of U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus353.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Ellis_(artist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ted Ellis (born 1963) is an American artist and former environmental chemist. Ellis is best known for his African-American themed art and styles which blend elements of folk art, naturalism and impressionism. His personal rendition of Barack Obama in acrylic, Obama, the 44th President, was presented in honor of the 2009 Presidential Inauguration.Ellis' art business has sold over 1.75 million fine art products, and he works with a number of prominent corporations. He is also known for his community work, especially advancing arts in children's education."@en .corpus353.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Barack> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Other Barack: The Bold and Reckless Life of President Obama's Father is a biography written by Sally H. Jacobs a Boston Globe journalist. She had access to Obama's Father's immigration file. The book also states that Barack Obama, Sr and Ann Dunham considered giving Barack Obama up for adoption to the Salvation Army."@en .corpus353.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early/Mid_2012_statewide_opinion_polling_for_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article is a collection of statewide polls for the United States presidential election, 2012. The polls listed here, by state are from January 1 to August 31, 2012 and provide early data on opinion polling between a possible Republican candidate against incumbent President Barack Obama.Note: Some states had not conducted polling yet or no updated polls were present from January 1 to August 31, 2012"@en .corpus354.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._Hanny> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John R. Hanny is an United States chef, author, and political operative and is best known for working in the White House during the presidencies of John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson as a special consultant and for serving as a visiting chef for administrations from Richard Nixon to Bill Clinton.Hanny complied recipes from Theodore Roosevelt to Barack Obama and wrote the cookbook Secrets from the White House Kitchens (2010.Hanny is author of the political thriller Asleep at the Wheel (2002), which sold 500,000 copies world wide."@en .corpus354.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Alabama,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Alabama took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Alabama voters chose 9 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.In 2008, Alabama was won by Republican nominee John McCain with a 21.6% margin of victory. Prior to the election, 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered it a safe red state. Located in the Deep South, Alabama is one of the most conservative states in the country. Republicans have won every presidential election in Alabama since 1980.Mitt Romney won the election in Alabama with 60.55% of the vote. Barack Obama received 38.36% of the vote."@en .corpus354.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Alaska,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Alaska voters chose three electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Mitt Romney won the state of Alaska with 54.80% of the vote. Barack Obama received 40.81% of the vote.  This was the first time since 1968 that a Democrat received more than 40% of the vote in Alaska.  While the Republicans handily won its 3 electoral votes, Alaska's 2012 result made it one of just six states to swing toward President Obama between 2008 and 2012; in 2008 Alaska had been won by Republican nominee John McCain with a 21.5% margin of victory. Obama closed his margin of defeat in Alaska by 7.55% compared to his 2008 loss, making it the state with the strongest Democratic gain in 2012."@en .corpus354.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Kass> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Samuel David Kass (born 1980) is President Barack Obama's Senior Policy Advisor for Nutrition Policy and Let's Move! Executive Director."@en .corpus354.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Doms> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark Doms is the Under Secretary of Commerce for Economic Affairs for the Department of Commerce. He was nominated by President Barack Obama on September 13, 2012 and was confirmed by the Senate on January 1, 2013 as one of the last acts of the 112th Congress. Prior to his confirmation, he was the United States Department of Commerce's Chief Economist. As the Under Secretary, Dr. Doms contributes to policies and discussions on a wide range of issues including trade, manufacturing, taxation, innovation, competitiveness, retirement security, immigration, and education.  Dr. Doms also leads the Economics and Statistics Administration (ESA), which includes the Census Bureau and the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA). Both agencies collect and produce information on the United States’ population and economy. Dr. Doms also serves as the Secretary’s appointed Board Representative to the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation.From 2009 until he was confirmed by the U.S. Senate as Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, Dr. Doms was the Chief Economist at the Department of Commerce. Prior to his appointment as Chief Economist, Dr. Doms worked as a Senior Economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, and was previously in the Research and Statistics Division of the Board of Governors, where he was a leading researcher and expert in the areas of innovation, productivity, wages, manufacturing, and price measurement. Dr. Doms also spent time at the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, and in the early 1990s worked at the Center for Economic Studies in Census. He holds a Ph.D in economics from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and B.A. from the University of Maryland Baltimore County in mathematics and economics."@en .corpus354.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Ioffe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Julia Ioffe (Russian: Юлия Иоффе) is a Russian-American journalist and blogger, whose writings have been published by The Columbia Journalism Review, The Washington Post, The New Yorker, Foreign Policy, Forbes, The New Republic, and Russia!.Ioffe was born in Moscow in 1982, and is of Russian-Jewish descent. She emigrated to the United States in 1990, at the age of 7, settling in Columbia, Maryland. Ioffe attended Princeton University and earned her degree in history, specializing in Soviet history. She began her career as a fact checker for The New Yorker, before moving to Columbia Journalism School's Knight Foundation Case Studies Initiative. She later won a Fulbright Scholarship to move back to Russia, and worked as the Moscow correspondent for The New Yorker and Foreign Policy. In 2012 she became a senior editor for The New Republic in Washington D.C.Ioffe's work is often openly critical of Russian president Vladimir Putin and Moscow ex-mayor Yuri Luzhkov. She has written of receiving angry emails and letters from Russians, upset over her covering of their country. She is also critical of the Russian state-funded news network RT, seeing it as a Kremlin mouthpiece. Despite her own often-critical approach to Russian politics, Ioffe described noted Kremlin critic Luke Harding, The Guardian Moscow correspondent deported from Russia in 2011, as a \"renegade\" with \"a reputation for playing with fire—perhaps foolishly\". Harding described this as \"mean-spirited\".Ioffe caused a minor controversy in August 2013 when she appeared on MSNBC's The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell and suggested that Vladimir Putin had only limited control over the situation surrounding Edward Snowden's asylum application. O'Donnell responded, \"We're getting absurd now,\" and a heated exchange on Putin's control of the media ensued. Ioffe responded in an article in The New Republic, accusing O'Donnell of \"mansplaining\". Several media publications have praised or defended Ioffe's response, including Esquire, The Atlantic, and the Huffington Post, including current Huffington Post contributor Alyona Minkovski, whom Ioffe has previously been critical of.Ioffe expressed opposition to an American boycott of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, based on the Russian LGBT propaganda law, arguing that a boycott would not aid the cause of gay rights in Russia. As a result, openly gay actor Harvey Fierstein criticized her as \"smug\".In December 2013, The New Republic revealed that Ioffe's story about contracting whooping cough, which she blamed partly on Jenny McCarthy, was the magazine's most read story of 2013.Ioffe was part of a group of access journalists who met privately with Barack Obama to shore up support for his counterterrorism strategy in combating ISIS before an address to the nation.In December 2014, Ioffe was one of several staff members at The New Republic to resign in protest against owner Chris Hughes's planned changes for the magazine..The following month, she joined The New York Times Magazine as a contributor."@en .corpus355.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_of_Dmitry_Medvedev> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Presidency of Dmitry Medvedev began on May 8, 2008, when he became the 3rd President of the Russian Federation. Medvedev was the Head of the Presidential Administration during the 2nd term of Vladimir Putin as President, and the Chairman of Gazprom oil company. Dmitry Medvedev was the youngest Russian leader since 1918, during his inauguration.Medvedev's main domestic agenda has been the wide-ranging Medvedev modernisation programme which aims at modernising Russia's economy and society. In particular, the massive Skolkovo innovation center, part of the modernisation programme, is often regarded as Medvedev's brainchild. Another important program has been the Russian police reform, launched by Medvedev in 2009, and led to the renaming of the Policing Organisation from Militsiya to Politsiya. In foreign policy, Medvedev assumed a more concillatory tone than his predecessor, pursuing a closer relationship with the United States in general and with President  Barack Obama in particular; The New START nuclear arms reduction treaty is regarded as Medvedev's main achievement in foreign affairs. Under Medvedev, Russia intervened on behalf of South Ossetia and Abkhazia after a Georgian military attack against the de facto independent regions, and emerged victorious in the ensuing five-day 2008 South Ossetia war. During Medvedev's tenure, Russia also struggled with and recovered from the serious late 2000s financial crisis. Other important decisions made by Medvedev include lowering the Duma election threshold from 7% to 5%, firing Moscow's powerful but criticised mayor Yuri Luzhkov, launching a large-scale privatisation of state-owned companies, removing state officials from the boards of state-owned companies and the extension of the Presidential term from four years to six."@en .corpus355.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_D._Wohlers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul D. Wohlers is an American diplomat who is the current United States Ambassador to the Republic of Macedonia, stationed at the U.S. Embassy in Skopje.Wohlers graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1974 with a B.S. in international affairs. He then served as a Naval Flight Officer, attached to the USS Eisenhower. He earned a J.D. from the University of Washington School of Law in 1982.Early in his career with the U.S. State Department, Wohlers held posts at the U.S. embassies in Bucharest, Moscow, and Nicosia. He worked on arms control issues in the Bureau of Political-Military Affairs and was Desk Officer for Bangladesh in the Bureau of South Asian Affairs. He also served on the Executive Secretariat Staff.Wohlers also served as Director of the Office of Caucasus Affairs and Regional Conflicts in the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, Deputy Chief of Mission and Chargé d’Affaires at the U.S. Embassy in Skopje, Deputy Director of the Executive Secretariat Staff, Senior Watch Officer in the Operations Center, and as Deputy Executive Secretary at the U.S. Department of State.Wolhers was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve as the sixth U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of Macedonia, and he was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on August 2, 2011. He was sworn in by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on August 11, 2011, arrived in Skopje on September 12, and presented his Credentials to the President of the Republic of Macedonia on September 13, 2011.Wohlers is married and has three daughters. His brother Laurence D. Wohlers is the U.S. Ambassador to the Central African Republic."@en .corpus355.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Acevedo> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Enrique Acevedo, 37, is a  Mexican journalist. He's the anchor of Noticiero Univision late night edition since April 2012. Throughout his career, Acevedo has covered major news events including the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami in Japan. HIV/AIDS in Africa, the humanitarian crisis in Haiti, the Mexican Drug War the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting the Boston Marathon bombings and the 6th Summit of the Americas where he interviewed President Barack Obama.  He currently lives in Miami, Florida."@en .corpus356.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Trade_Center_Health_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The World Trade Center Health Program (WTC Health Program) provides medical benefits to individuals affected by the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States.  The WTC Health Program was established by Title I of the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act of 2010 (Zadroga Act), P.L. 111-347, which amended the Public Health Service (PHS) Act. The United States Congress passed the bill in December 2010 and United States President Barack Obama signed it into law on January 2, 2011. The Zadroga Act required the WTC Health Program to begin administering medical benefits on July 1, 2011. The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), within the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, administers the program. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is component of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).The collapse of the World Trade Center towers on September 11, 2001 (9/11) caused physical hazards as well as massive dust cloud, consisting of pulverized building materials, electronic equipment, and furniture to blanket the World Trade Center site and the surrounding area. Many 9/11 responders, local workers, and resident survivors have since developed respiratory diseases (or symptoms of) or other illnesses relating to the 9/11 terrorist attacks. The WTC Health Program provides medical benefits to responders and survivors who were present in the New York City area as well as responders at the Pentagon and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania."@en .corpus356.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Ahead_for_Progress_in_the_21st_Century_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21) is a funding and authorization bill to govern United States federal surface transportation spending.  It was passed by Congress on June 29, 2012, and President Barack Obama signed it on July 6.  The vote was 373-52 in the House of Representatives and 74-19 in the United States Senate; only Republicans voted against the bill.The $105 billion, two-year bill does not significantly alter total funding from the previous authorization, but it does include many significant reforms.  The Congressional Budget Office estimates that enacting MAP-21 will reduce the federal budget deficit over the 2012-2022 period by $16.3 billion.Several unrelated provisions were attached to the bill: A one-year extension of federal student loan rates through June 30, 2013; a five-year reauthorization of the national flood insurance program through 2017; a one-year extension to the Secure Rural Schools Act, which compensates rural counties for loss of revenue caused by reduced timber harvest on federal lands.  The bill also contains a provision allowing the State Department to revoke, deny or limit passports for anyone the Internal Revenue Service certifies as having “a seriously delinquent tax debt in an amount in excess of $50,000.”"@en .corpus356.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Ahmed_Abdallah> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mohammed Ahmed Abdallah (born c. 1953) is a Sudanese physician and human rights activist. A member of the Fur people, he is from the Marrah Mountains in Central Darfur. As a boy, he walked three days to reach his middle school, and five days to reach his high school. He then attended medical school at the University of Khartoum, graduating in 1976. The first physician from his area, he later constructed a medical network throughout Darfur to report rapes and other violence. He became a medical professor at Darfur's Al Fashir University and acted as director of the Amel Center for the Treatment & Rehabilitation of Victims of Torture in Darfur during the War in Darfur.Abdallah served as a delegate to peace negotiations between 33 Darfur tribes in 1989. At the beginning of the Darfur crisis in 2003, he again served as a peace delegate.In 2007, he was awarded the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award for being \"steadfast in his efforts to rectify the region's human rights crisis through serving victims of torture and providing leadership in the movement for peace.\" The award came with a US$35,000 cash prize as well as a five-year partnership with the U.S.-based organization Physicians for Human Rights. In accepting the prize, Abdallah stated his desire to act not only as a physician, but also a hakim (the Arabic word for doctor): The role of the Hakim is not only to treat the patients but to protect his community... In Darfur, my role is not just that of a doctor, but someone who must work to protect the community, uphold the human rights of the people of Darfur and work towards peace.In 2009, Abdallah criticized the policy of U.S. President Barack Obama toward Sudan, stating that though the situation in Darfur was worsening, the U.S. government still lacked a \"coherent policy\" for the region. Ahmad argued that a regional approach including Chad, Egypt, Libya, and the Central African Republic was the only way to find a long-term solution to the ongoing crisis."@en .corpus356.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Bradberry> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stephen Bradberry (born c. 1966, Chicago, Illinois) is a community organizer in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. In 2005, he served as the lead organizer for the New Orleans chapter of the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN). He was awarded the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award for his work on behalf of victims of Hurricane Katrina.Bradberry is a graduate of Dillard University who later worked as a public school teacher. He became active as a community organizer through the Umoja Committee of New Orleans.Following Hurricane Katrina, Bradberry organized grassroots campaigns to support the participation of low-income families in the recovery process. Among other initiatives, he led a campaign for the Lower Ninth Ward, one of the neighborhoods hardest hit by Katrina, to be rebuilt as housing rather than turned into wetlands. He also objected to remarks by businessman Jimmy Reiss and US Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Alphonso Jackson about rebuilding the city differently from before, stating, \"It's almost so obvious that there's a concerted plan to make this a whiter city.\" He also argued that the 2006 mayoral election, already postponed due to Katrina, should be further delayed to allow time for more of the city's residents to return. In the same year, Bradberry and ACORN filed a successful lawsuit in federal court to force the Federal Emergency Management Agency to resume its housing payments to Katrina victims. As of 2011, he continued to lobby for federal assistance to the area, arguing that it still had not economically recovered six years later.In 2005, the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights recognized his efforts with its Human Rights Award. Bradberry was the first African American to win. The award citation cited his work following Katrina as well as his campaigns of \"promoting a living wage, preventing predatory lending, preventing lead poisoning in children, and increasing voter participation\". Future U.S. President Barack Obama spoke at the ceremony, saying of Bradberry, \"Somewhere there's always been people like Steve Bradberry who believe that this isn't the way it's supposed to be ... People who believe that while evil and suffering will always exist, this is a country that has been fueled by small miracles and boundless dreams.\"In the lead-up to the 2008 presidential election, Bradberry served as national campaign coordinator for ACORN's \"Get Out the Vote\" efforts. After ACORN reported that several of its workers had falsified voter registration cards, the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened an investigation into several ACORN chapters. Bradberry responded that ACORN had self-reported the fraud as required by regulations and was assisting the process rather than undermining it.Following 2010's Deepwater Horizon oil spill, Bradberry called for federal initiatives to partner with local communities affected by the spill. He also lobbied for \"a separate health task force that can focus solely on testing, monitoring, and studying the long-term health issues from exposure to crude and dispersants\".Bradberry currently serves as the Executive Director of the Alliance Institute, an organization that seeks \"to provide individuals, families, and organizations with the skills and information necessary for them to fully participate in the decision making processes that affect them in their homes, neighborhoods and communities.\""@en .corpus357.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithful_Word_Baptist_Church> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Faithful Word Baptist Church is a United States fundamentalist Baptist church in Tempe, Arizona. The church uses only the King James Bible and members of the church meet in an office space located in a strip mall.  Steven L. Anderson established the church in December 2005 and remains its pastor.In August 2009, the church received national attention when Anderson shared that he was praying for the death of President Barack Obama in his sermons. The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) lists Faithful Word Baptist Church as an anti-gay hate group for its pastor's \"extremely radical stands\", including the belief that homosexuals should receive the death penalty."@en .corpus357.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priorities_USA_Action> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Priorities USA Action is an independent expenditure PAC that supported the re-election of President Barack Obama in 2012. The Super PAC was founded by former Obama campaign officials Bill Burton and Sean Sweeney in order to collect and spend money from wealthy donors, including corporations and unions.  As per FEC rules established in the wake of the Citizens United Supreme Court decision, the group is legally prohibited from coordinating with the candidate or his campaign. Harold M. Ickes is the president of the group.  Its key backers include Paul Begala, Teddy Johnston, Geoff Garin, Ellen Malcolm, Jeffrey Katzenberg, Bill Maher, Mary Beth Cahill, and Irwin M. Jacobs.As of 2014, Jim Messina and Jennifer Granholm (former Governor of Michigan) have been drafted to serve as co-chairs as the organization is now focusing its efforts on helping Hillary Clinton in a possible presidential campaign on the next election in 2016."@en .corpus357.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race:_Science's_Last_Taboo> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Race: Science's Last Taboo was a season of five British television programmes about race, broadcast on Channel 4 in 2009. In promotion of the series, Channel 4 doctored images of famous individuals, such as Margaret Thatcher, The Beatles, Usain Bolt and Barack Obama, to change their racial appearances."@en .corpus357.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_North_Dakota,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in North Dakota took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. North Dakota voters chose three electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.Mitt Romney handily won the state with 58.32% of the vote to Barack Obama's 38.70%, a 19.62% margin of victory."@en .corpus357.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hridith_Sudev> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For the organization founded by Hridith Sudev in Indian School Salalah, see: Project Green OmanHridith Sudev is a child environmentalist and a student in Indian School Salalah in Salalah, Oman. He founded Oman's largest kid's eco-organization, Project Green Oman. In 2012, Hridith Sudev and his younger brother Samved Shaji, both students of Indian School Salalah, founded Project Green Oman under the school eco-club and Social scince department.The duo's project won the award for the best project initiated for promoting eco-friendliness in Oman for the 2012 World Environment Day Global School Contest conducted by the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development.On June 5, 2014, International Energy Globe Awards, Austria (equated to the Nobel Prize) declared Project GreenOman as Oman's best project for sustainability. Hridith Sudev by the virtue of being founder of Project Green Oman was selected to receive the Award often dubbed and regarded as 'Nature's Nobel Prize'. In January 2015, Hridith Sudev was selected from 3,000 students to be among 34 select NRI Indian students representing five different  GCC Nations to take part in the Indian Republic Day Parade presided over by Hon'ble Indian President Pranab Mukherjee and Chief Guest, the Hon'ble American President Barack Obama in New Delhi , India as part of Asianet News Channel's Proud to Be Indian Campaign 2015"@en .corpus357.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Dewey> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alice Greeley Dewey (born 1928) is an American anthropologist who studied Javanese society. She was a professor of anthropology at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa from 1962 until her retirement in 2005. Among her doctoral students was Ann Dunham, the mother of President Barack Obama."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Export_Initiative> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Export Initiative (NEI) is a strategy created by the Obama administration to double U.S. exports between 2010 and the end of 2014 and support 2 million domestic jobs through increased intergovernmental cooperation in export promotion. The initiative was created by Executive Order 13534 after President Barack Obama called for the doubling of U.S. exports in his 2010 State of the Union address.To further this initiative in its final months, President Obama signed Executive Order 13659 to streamline imports-exports.  Among its requirements, the order created a timeline to change the U.S. trade data system from a paper to an electronic collection system.  It is expected that import-export permit wait times will be cut from days to minutes."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deception:_Betraying_the_Peace_Process> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Deception: Betraying the Peace Process is a book published in 2011 by the Israel-based media watchdog group Palestinian Media Watch that analyses a year of cultural, educational and general media resources within the Palestinian Authority (PA), beginning in May 2010, the month that indirect Israeli-Palestinian talks were initiated by the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama. It concludes that the PA systematically fomented anti-Israel sentiment and promoted violence to undermine the peace process and a two-state solution. It reports hundreds of examples of the PA's policies of glorifying terrorism and demonizing Israelis and Jews, in print, websites, videos, and school texts. It states that the Palestinian leadership are deceiving the international community, and while presenting themselves in English as pursuing peace, they propagate hate speech and support violence in the Arab-language media."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozell_Sutton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ozell Sutton (born December 13, 1925) in Gould, Arkansas is among the first blacks to serve in the U.S. Marine Corps.Sutton received his undergraduate degree in 1950 from Philander Smith College.  In 1962, he Sutton received an honorary doctorate from Philander Smith in 1962 for recognition of his political activism in the civil rights movement.In 1963, he marched with Martin Luther King Jr. in the a historic March on Washington D.C. and in 1965 for the Selma to Montgomery marchesSutton worked for Governor Winthrop Rockefeller as the director of the Governor's Council on Human Resources.He is a founding member of the executive board of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.In 2012, he was presented with the Congressional Gold Medal from President Barack Obama for being among the first blacks to serve in the U.S. Marine Corps.Sutton was the 26th General President of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.  As president, he was named one of the 100 most influential Black Americans by Ebony magazine."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_Abdulredha_Buhmaid> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Abdulredha Mohamed Hasan Buhmaid (or Buhamaid, Arabic: عبدالرضا محمد حسن بوحميد‎) was a 28-year-old Bahraini protester shot by a live bullet in the head on 18 February 2011. He died in hospital three days later, the seventh death in the Bahraini uprising.Buhmaid was among a group of protesters who on 18 February marched toward the Pearl Roundabout following the funeral procession of protester Ali Abdulhadi Mushaima, who was killed four days earlier. When the protesters neared Pearl Roundabout, the army opened fire. Buhmaid collapsed to the ground, and blood poured from his head after it was hit by a bullet. The army opened fire twice more. Protesters regrouped after each round of shooting. Riot police finally intervened and dispersed protesters. Over one hundred protesters were injured, some seriously. Buhmaid was taken to Salmaniya hospital where attempts to revive him failed over the course of three days. He died on the afternoon of 21 February.Several witnesses including journalists and medics accused authorities of shooting directly at protesters, preventing some ambulances from reaching the site and firing at others. The government however, denied those statements. It stated that warning shots were fired in the air and accused protesters of faking injuries. An investigation by a government-appointed commission of inquiry blamed the army for Buhmaid's death. The incident marked the first time that the Royal Bahraini Army was used to confront civilians, and at the time was considered \"the bloodiest\" incident since protests erupted.Following the incident, the government offered dialogue which the opposition said they will only take part in after the withdrawal of the army. The general labor union called for a general strike. Internationally, the attack on protesters was condemned by Barack Obama and Human Rights Watch. High Representative of European Union expressed her deep concerns and called for restrain and immediate dialogue. Britain revoked over forty arms licenses to Bahrain after an earlier announcement that it would review them and German president canceled a planned visit to the country. Buhmaid is remembered by the opposition as a martyr, leader and symbol of peacefulness."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_S._Rivkin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert S. Rivkin is the Senior Vice President for Regulatory and International Affairs and Deputy General Counsel of Delta Air Lines. Prior to joining Delta in April 2013, he was the 21st General Counsel of the United States Department of Transportation (DOT). Appointed by President Barack Obama, Rivkin was sworn in on May 18, 2009, following unanimous confirmation by the United States Senate. While serving as DOT’s chief legal officer, Rivkin played a key role in a number of programs and initiatives including the Cash for Clunkers program and the Toyota vehicle recalls."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_fiscal_cliff> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States fiscal cliff was a situation that came into existence in January 2013 whereby a series of previously enacted laws would come into effect simultaneously, increasing taxes while decreasing spending.The Bush tax cuts of 2001, which had been extended for two years by the 2010 Tax Relief Act, were due to expire on December 31, 2012. Planned spending cuts under the Budget Control Act of 2011 also came into play. That Act was passed as a compromise to resolve a dispute concerning the United States debt ceiling and address the failure of the 111th Congress to pass a federal budget. Discretionary spending for federal agencies and cabinet departments would have been reduced through broad cuts referred to as budget sequestration. Mandatory programs, such as Social Security, Medicaid, federal pay (including military pay and pensions) and veterans' benefits would have been exempted from the spending cuts.The fiscal cliff would have increased tax rates and decreased government spending through sequestration. This would lead to an operating deficit (the amount by which government spending exceeds its revenue) that was projected to be reduced by roughly half in 2013. The previously enacted laws leading to the fiscal cliff had been projected to result in a 19.63% increase in revenue and 0.25% reduction in spending from fiscal years 2012 to 2013. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) had estimated that the fiscal cliff would have likely led to a mild recession with higher unemployment in 2013, followed by strengthening in the labor market with increased economic growth.The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (ATRA) addressed the revenue side of the fiscal cliff by implementing smaller tax increases compared to the expiration of the Bush tax cuts. Adjustments to spending were expected to be resolved in early 2013. Intense debate and media coverage about the fiscal cliff drew widespread public attention during the end of 2012 because of its projected short-term fiscal and economic impact.ATRA eliminated much of the tax side of the fiscal cliff while the reduction in spending due to budget sequestration was delayed for two months. With ATRA's passage, the CBO projected an 8.13% increase in revenue and 1.15% increase in spending for fiscal year 2013. The act resulted in a projected $157 billion decline in the 2013 deficit over 2012, rather than the sharp $487 billion decrease projected under the fiscal cliff.The raise in revenue contained in the ATRA came from: increased marginal income and capital gains tax rates relative to their 2012 levels for annual income over $400,000 ($450,000 for couples); a phase-out of certain tax deductions and credits for those with incomes over $250,000 ($300,000 for couples); an increase in estate taxes relative to 2012 levels on estates over $5 million; and expiration of payroll tax cuts (a 2% increase for most taxpayers earning under approximately $110,000). None of these changes would expire.At 12:01 am EST on January 1, 2013, the United States of America \"technically\" went over the fiscal cliff.Around 2 am EST on January 1, 2013, the U.S. Senate passed this compromise bill by a margin of 89–8. At about 11 pm that evening, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the same legislation without amendments by a vote of 257–167. U.S. President Barack Obama signed it into law the next day. However, the budget sequestration was only delayed and the debt ceiling was not changed, leading to the United States debt-ceiling crisis of 2013."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_T._Killion> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ambassador David T. Killion (born c. 1966) is an American government official and diplomat, appointed in 2009 by President Barack Obama to serve as the United States Permanent Representative to UNESCO, with the rank of Ambassador.  He left that office in December 2013. On 10 April 2014, U.S. Senators Ben Cardin (D-Md.) and Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) announced Ambassador Killion's joint appointment as the Senate Staff Director for the U.S. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (U.S. Helsinki Commission)."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajit_Varadaraj_Pai> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ajit Pai is a Commissioner at the FCC. He was nominated for a Republican Party position on the United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC) by President Barack Obama.  He was confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate on May 7, 2012 and was sworn in on May 14, 2012 for a term that concludes on June 30, 2016."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_autobiographies_by_Presidents_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Many United States Presidents have written autobiographies about their Presidencies and/or (some periods of) their life before their Presidencies. Some 19th century United States Presidents who wrote autobiographies are James Buchanan and Ulysses S. Grant, though Grant's autobiography is about his time as General during the U.S. Civil War and not about his Presidency. Out of the former U.S. Presidents since 1923, only George H. W. Bush has not written an autobiography. Some of the more recent U.S. Presidential autobiographies, such as Bill Clinton's, George W. Bush's, and Barack Obama's (written and published before he was elected president) sold well enough to earn them millions of dollars."@en .corpus358.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherry_Huber> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sherry E. Huber (born 1938) is an American politician and environmentalist. Huber, a resident of Falmouth, Maine, was a Republican member of the Maine House of Representatives from 1976 to 1982. Considered a moderate, Huber focused much of her time in the legislature on energy issues. In 1982, Huber ran for Governor of Maine, finishing second in the Republican primary behind Charles R. Cragin. She became the first woman ever to run in the Republican Party for Governor of Maine while, in the same election, Rep. Georgette Berube challenged incumbent Democrat Joseph Brennan. Huber ran unenrolled in 1986, finishing third with 15.7%. During the 1986 election, Huber was unanimously endorsed by the Maine Lesbian-Gay Political Alliance. In 2008, Huber was named as a notable Republican supporter of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama. She has been the long-time Executive Director of the Maine Timber Research and Environmental Education Foundation (Maine TREE) www.mainetreefoundation.org."@en .corpus359.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_Olympics_one_minute_of_silence_campaign> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 Olympics one minute of silence campaign refers to an international campaign created to persuade the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to hold one minute of silence at the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics to remember the Israeli athletes killed in the Munich massacre at the 1972 Olympics by the Palestinian terrorist organization Black September. Support for the campaign has come from a number of high-ranking officials and governments, including the United States Congress, U.S. President Barack Obama, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the Italian Parliament, the Australian Parliament, the Canadian Parliament, the German Parliament, and German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle.The IOC declined the request for a minute of silence at the opening ceremony, but IOC officials honoured the victims at a ceremony organised by the Israeli embassy and the Jewish community in London during the Olympics on August 6, 2012. A further ceremony was planned in Germany on the anniversary of the attack on September 5, 2012 at the military airfield of Fürstenfeldbruck. IOC President Rogge led a spontaneous minute of silence during a ceremony on July 23, 2012 which promoted the Olympic truce, marking the first time ever that the IOC honored the Israeli victims in a ceremony inside an Olympic village."@en .corpus359.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Punch_(slave)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Punch (fl. 1630s, living 1640) was an African slave who lived in the Colony of Virginia during the seventeenth century. In July 1640, the Virginia Governor's Council sentenced him to serve for the remainder of his life as punishment for running away to Maryland; in contrast, two European men who also ran away with him were sentenced to longer indentures but not total loss of future prospects for freedom. For this reason, historians consider John Punch the \"first official slave in the English colonies,\" and his case as the \"ﬁrst legal sanctioning of lifelong slavery in the Chesapeake.\" Historians also consider this to be one of the first legal distinctions between Europeans and Africans made in the colony, and his case a key milestone in the development of the institution of slavery in the United States.In July 2012, Ancestry.com published a paper suggesting that Punch was an eleventh-generation maternal grandfather of Barack Obama, on the basis of historic and genealogical research and Y-DNA analysis. Punch's  descendants were known by the Bunch or Bunche surname. Punch is believed to be one of the ancestors of the 20th-century American diplomat Ralph Bunche, the first African American to win the Nobel Peace Prize."@en .corpus359.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mam_Sonando> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mam Sonando (Khmer: ម៉ម សូណង់ដូ; born February 13, 1942) is a Cambodian radio journalist with French dual citizenship. He is the owner and director of Phnom Penh's Beehive Radio, which the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) described in 2012 as \"one of Cambodia's few independent news outlets\". He also acts as a political commentator for the station. Sonando has been imprisoned three times on charges related to his reporting: a 2003 arrest for \"inciting riots\", a 2005 arrest for defamation, and a 2012 arrest for insurrection. His twenty-year prison sentence for the latter was protested by human rights groups, and US President Barack Obama expressed concerns about the case in a meeting with Prime Minister Hun Sen. The sentence was overturned by an appeals court in March 2013, and Sonando was instead given a five-year suspended sentence on charges of causing civil unrest."@en .corpus359.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_Coast_Chicago> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Culture Coast Chicago is a collection of artistically vibrant neighborhoods on Chicago’s South Side. Known for its high concentration of museums, music and theater ensembles, performance venues, cultural nonprofits, and arts education opportunities, the region spans from just south of McCormick Place to the South Shore Cultural Center and is bordered by Lake Michigan to the east and the Dan Ryan Expressway to the west.Hyde Park is the heart of the Culture Coast, with neighboring Bronzeville and Woodlawn adding to the region’s diverse cultural offerings. It is home to the Museum of Science and Industry, the Western hemisphere’s largest science museum, and the Hyde Park Art Center, the city’s oldest alternative exhibition space.Other key institutions include the DuSable Museum of African American History, the country’s first museum dedicated to the study of African American history; and the University of Chicago, which houses the Oriental Institute, the David and Alfred Smart Museum of Art, and the Renaissance Society. The university hosts numerous visiting artists, performances, and lectures. The region is also home to several independent bookstores and community arts initiatives.The Culture Coast’s artistic heritage includes creative icons such as playwright Lorraine Hansberry, novelist Saul Bellow, and jazz pioneer Herbie Hancock. The lakefront area has evolved into an eclectic architectural landscape since the mid-1800s, featuring Frank Lloyd Wright’s Prairie-style homes, the Hyde Park-Kenwood Historic District, and the University of Chicago’s Collegiate Gothic quadrangles and modern constructions, such as the Joe and Rika Mansueto Library and the Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts.Since the 2008 election of former Kenwood resident Barack Obama as President, the Culture Coast has experienced renewed tourist interest. It is also a key focus of Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel’s 2012 Chicago Cultural Plan, which calls for increased capital infrastructure for the “Museum Campus South” area surrounding the Museum of Science and Industry and the DuSable Museum."@en .corpus359.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Sikh_temple_shooting> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On August 5, 2012, 40-year-old Wade Michael Page fatally shot six people and wounded four others at a Sikh temple in Oak Creek, Wisconsin.  Page took his life by shooting himself in the head after he was shot in the stomach by a responding police officer.Page was an American white supremacist and United States Army veteran from Cudahy, Wisconsin.  Apart from the shooter, all of the dead were members of the Sikh faith.  The incident drew responses from President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. Dignitaries attended candlelight vigils in countries such as the U.S., Canada, and India. The First Lady Michelle Obama visited the temple on August 23, 2012."@en .corpus359.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_or_Capture:_The_War_on_Terror_and_the_Soul_of_the_Obama_Presidency> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Daniel Klaidman published Kill or Capture: The War on Terror and the Soul of the Obama Presidency in June 2012.The book describes the United States Government's tactics for dealing with individuals suspected of a role in supporting terrorists who have targeted or plan to target the USA.According to Michael Petrou, writing in Macleans Magazine, \"This book is about the clash between President Barack Obama’s pre-election idealism on matters of security and terrorism, and the more pragmatic realities of office.\".The Daily Mail journalist, Daniel Bates, wrote Klaidman \"tells how Obama 'had come a long way in a short time' after assuming office.\".Commenting on President Obama's decision to authorize the killing United States citizen Anwar Awlaki via a missile fired by an unmanned aerial vehicle Steve Coll wrote: \"Klaidman has reported what would appear to be the first instance in American history of a sitting President speaking of his intent to kill a particular U.S. citizen without that citizen having been charged formally with a crime or convicted at trial.\""@en .corpus36.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenwood,_Chicago> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kenwood is one of Chicago's 77 well-defined community areas. It is located on the shore of Lake Michigan on the South Side of the city. Its boundaries are 43rd Street, 51st Street, Cottage Grove Avenue, and the lake. Kenwood was originally part of Hyde Park Township, which was annexed to the city of Chicago in 1889. Kenwood was once one of Chicago's most affluent neighborhoods, and it still contains some of the largest single-family homes in the city. It contains two Chicago Landmark districts – Kenwood and North Kenwood. A large part of the southern half of the community area is in the Hyde Park-Kenwood Historic District. In recent years, Kenwood has received national attention as the home of U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus36.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_Louise> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Harry and Louise\" was a $14 to $20 million year-long television advertising campaign funded by the Health Insurance Association of America (HIAA)—a predecessor of the current America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP)—a health insurance industry lobby group, that ran intermittently from September 8, 1993 to September 1994 in opposition to President Bill Clinton's proposed health care plan in 1993–1994 and Congressional health care reform proposals in 1994. Fourteen television ads and radio and print advertising depicted a fictional suburban fortysomething middle-class married couple, portrayed by actors Harry Johnson and Louise Caire Clark, despairing over bureaucratic and other aspects of health care reform plans and urged viewers to contact their representatives in Congress.  The commercials were ordered by HIAA president Bill Gradison and HIAA executive vice president Chip Kahn, and created by California public relations consultants Ben Goddard and Rick Claussen of Goddard Claussen.The couple returned in several newer advertisements pushing health care reform during the 2000 and 2004 presidential campaigns. In 2000, Harry and Louise appeared in a TV commercial sponsored by HIAA promoting its \"InsureUSA\" campaign advocating the need to provide health coverage to uninsured Americans. Later, they returned in an unrelated 2002 ad, produced by Goddard Claussen Porter Novelli (Goddard Claussen was purchased by Porter Novelli in 1999), advocating human cloning for therapeutic purposes on behalf of CuresNow.org. The second ad was the subject of a lawsuit by the HIAA who claimed that they owned the characters; however, a court ruled that the rights to the characters were held by Goddard Claussen, and it aired during a showing of The West Wing on NBC. This ad was one of several prominent political attack ads parodied in the 78th Academy Awards (March 2006). An older couple sitting at the kitchen table bemoans the \"foreign-sounding names\" of the best actress nominees, then praises Reese Witherspoon for having an all-American name.Harry and Louise appeared again in an ad that premiered on August 25, 2008, during the 2008 Democratic National Convention, urging that health care reform be made a top priority. The ad aired again during the Republican National Convention. The 2008 ad was sponsored by several organizations that have, in the past, advocated diverse views on health care, including The American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, the American Hospital Association, the Catholic Health Association, Families USA, and the National Federation of Independent Business.In July 2009, the couple appeared in a new television advertisement in support of the health-care plan promoted by President Barack Obama. The ad was sponsored by a pharmaceutical industry trade group and Families USA."@en .corpus36.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Monroe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Fort Monroe (also known as the Fort Monroe National Monument) was a military installation in Hampton, Virginia—at Old Point Comfort, the southern tip of the Virginia Peninsula. Within the 565 acres of Fort Monroe are 170 historic buildings and nearly 200 acres of natural resources, including 8 miles of waterfront, 3.2 miles of beaches on the Chesapeake Bay, 110 acres of submerged lands and 85 acres of wetlands. It has a 332 slip marina and shallow water inlet access to Mill Creek, suitable for small watercraft.When it was operational as a United States Army post, Fort Monroe supported a work population of some 3000, including 1000 people in uniform. The major tenant unit was the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC). Along with Fort Wool, Fort Monroe guarded the navigational channel between the Chesapeake Bay and Hampton Roads—the natural roadstead at the confluence of the Elizabeth, the Nansemond and the James rivers.  Surrounded by a moat, the seven-sided stone fort is the largest stone fort ever built in the United States.During the initial exploration by the mission headed by Captain Christopher Newport in the earliest days of the Colony of Virginia, the site was identified as a strategic defensive location. In May 1607, they established the first permanent English settlement in the present-day United States about 25 miles further inland from the Bay along the James River at Jamestown. The land area where Fort Monroe is located became part of Elizabeth Cittie [sic] in 1619, Elizabeth River Shire in 1634, and was included in Elizabeth City County when it was formed in 1643. Over 300 years later, in 1952, Elizabeth City County and the nearby Town of Phoebus agreed to consolidate with the smaller independent city of Hampton, which became one of the larger cities of Hampton Roads.Beginning by 1609, defensive fortifications were built at Old Point Comfort during Virginia's first two centuries. The first was a wooden stockade named Fort Algernourne. However, the much more substantial facility of stone to become known as Fort Monroe (and adjacent Fort Wool on a man-made island across the channel) were completed in 1834. The principal facility was named in honor of U.S. President James Monroe. Throughout the American Civil War (1861–1865), although most of Virginia became part of the Confederate States of America, Fort Monroe remained in Union hands. It became notable as a historic and symbolic site of early freedom for former slaves under the provisions of contraband policies. For two years thereafter, the former Confederate President, Jefferson Davis, was imprisoned at the fort. His first months of confinement were spent in a cell of the casemate fort walls that is now part of its Casemate Museum.Fort Monroe decommissioned on September 15, 2011.  Many of its functions were transferred to nearby Fort Eustis (which was named for Fort Monroe's first commander, General Abraham Eustis, a noted artillery expert). Several re-use plans for Fort Monroe after it was decommissioned are currently under development in the Hampton community.On November 1, 2011, President Barack Obama signed a proclamation to designate portions of Fort Monroe as a National Monument. This was the first time that President Obama exercised his authority under the Antiquities Act, a 1906 law to protect sites deemed to have natural, historical or scientific significance."@en .corpus36.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Santos> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matthew Vincente \"Matt\" Santos is a fictional character on the American television show The West Wing, played by Jimmy Smits.  His initial appearance was as a Democratic U.S. Representative from Houston, Texas and he was elected to succeed Josiah Bartlet as President in final episodes of the series.  According to David Remnick's biography of Barack Obama, \"The Bridge,\" and other news sources, West Wing writer and producer Eli Attie used then-State Senator Obama as a model for the character."@en .corpus36.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Wallis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jim Wallis (born June 4, 1948) is a Christian writer and political activist. He is best known as the founder and editor of Sojourners magazine and as the founder of the Washington, D.C.-based Christian community of the same name. Wallis is well known for his advocacy on issues of peace and social justice. Although Wallis actively eschews political labels, he describes himself as an evangelical and is often associated with the evangelical left and the wider Christian left. He works as a spiritual advisor to President Barack Obama. He is married to the Rev. Joy Carroll, who was one of the first female priests in the Church of England. He is also a leader in the Red-Letter Christian movement."@en .corpus36.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Union_of_Painters_and_Allied_Trades> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades (IUPAT) is a union representing about 100,000 painters, glaziers, wall coverers, flooring installers, convention and trade show decorators, glassworkers, sign and display workers, asbestos worker/hazmat technician and drywall finishers in the United States and Canada. Most of its members work in the construction industry.Originally called the Brotherhood of Painters and Decorators of America, the union was first formed in 1887. Local unions belong to district councils. District councils perform most of the services of the union. IUPAT is affiliated with the AFL-CIO in the U.S.The Painters was one of three unions (SEIU and AFSCME were the others) to endorse Howard Dean during the 2004 Democratic primaries. In a surprise move in 2008, IUPAT endorsed Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee. The union had endorsed Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primaries, and endorsed Barack Obama for president in June 2008."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2016:_Obama's_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "2016: Obama's America is a 2012 documentary film by conservative author and commentator Dinesh D'Souza.  The film was produced by Gerald R. Molen. D'Souza and John Sullivan co-directed and co-wrote the film, which is based on D'Souza's book The Roots of Obama's Rage (2010). Through interviews and reenactments, the film compares the similarities of the lives of D'Souza and President Barack Obama as D'Souza presents his theory alleging that early influences on Obama are affecting the decisions he makes as president. The film has grossed over $33.45 million in the United States, making it the fourth highest-grossing documentary (domestically) since 1982.Reviewers from Time, Variety, and The New York Times have described the film as politically partisan, and unlikely to sway undecided voters or Obama supporters. As of 12 March 2013, the review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes has the film listed with a 26% rating by critics and 73% rating by viewers; it has however been well received in conservative circles. Some sources have also praised the film's production values."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Rosenworcel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jessica Rosenworcel (born July 12, 1971) was nominated as a member of the United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC) by President Barack Obama.  She was confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate on May 7, 2012, and was formally sworn into office on May 11, 2012, for a term through June 30, 2015.Prior to joining the FCC, she served as Senior Communications Counsel to the United States Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, under the leadership of Senator John D. Rockefeller IV (D–WV). She previously served in the same role on the Committee under the leadership of Senator Daniel K. Inouye (D–HI).On July 13, 2012, Politico designated Rosenworcel as one of 50 politicos to watch, describing her as \"whip-smart and intensely serious\"."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myint_Aye> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In this Burmese name, U is an honorific.Myint Aye (born 1950) is a Burmese democracy activist. In 2002, he co-founded the Human Rights Defenders and Promoters network in Burma. After several imprisonments on charges related to his activism, on 29 November 2008, he was given a life sentence for allegedly planning a bomb attack in Yangon's Shwepyitha Township. Amnesty International described the evidence against him as \"fabricated\" and designated him a prisoner of conscience. He was released from prison on 19 November 2012, as a gesture of goodwill before a visit by US President Barack Obama."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_didn't_build_that> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "“You didn't build that” is a phrase from an election campaign speech delivered by President of the United States Barack Obama on July 13, 2012, in Roanoke, Virginia. The phrase was publicized by his political opponents, and it has been described as a meme. The president's remark was made in the context of his belief that wealthy citizens should pay higher taxes to serve the public good: There are a lot of wealthy, successful Americans who agree with me—because they want to give something back. They know they didn't—look, if you've been successful, you didn't get there on your own... If you were successful, somebody along the line gave you some help. There was a great teacher somewhere in your life. Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business—you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dishonorable_Disclosures> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dishonorable Disclosures is a 2012 American documentary film purporting to show that the administration of President Barack Obama has endangered lives by allegedly leaking information about the U.S. military raid that killed Osama bin Laden in 2011.The video was produced by the Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund Inc, a 501(c)(4) group which began a political ad campaign critical of President Obama and showed the video in swing states in the months leading up to the 2012 presidential election  In response, the Obama Campaign compared the film to the \"Swift Boat\" attacks against Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry in 2004."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford_Wayne_Donaldson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Milford Wayne Donaldson, (born in August 13, 1943) is a well-regarded preservation architect.  He presently serves as the Chairman of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation.  Originally appointed to the position in 2010, President Barack Obama reappointed him in August 2013 for another four year term.  Formerly the State Historic Preservation Officer of California, Donaldson has been practicing preservation architecture for over 35 years."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Grenier> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nicolas Grenier is a French poet and songwriter. He lives in Paris.He is a graduate of the Paris Institute of Political Studies and Sorbonne. Nicolas Grenier is a professor at the HEC Paris.In France, he's one of major poets of the young generation. Fifty international and French reviews (Tower Journal) publish his poems in fifteen languages.He is a figure of Japanese poems with tanka and haiku. His first collection of poems about Saint-Germain-des-Pres has the Paul Eluard Prize.He works with international artists about music and photography.He translates in French with David Rochefort Barack Obama's poems, Pop and Underground.He writes with American composer tributes to Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, John Fitzgerald Kennedy, Ludwig Wittgenstein and places Marrakech and Paris."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Earnest> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Josh Earnest (born in March 10, 1977) is the current White House Press Secretary.On May 30, 2014 President Obama announced that Earnest would replace Jay Carney as the White House Press Secretary.  He is the third person to serve in the position during the presidency of Barack Obama."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rape_and_pregnancy_controversies_in_United_States_elections,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "During the 2012 United States election cycle, in federal and state elections, a series of controversies arose as a result of statements by Republican Party candidates about rape, pregnancy, contraception, abortion, and related topics. The first and most widely covered controversy concerned Republican U.S. Senate candidate Representative Todd Akin of Missouri, who stated that pregnancy rarely occurs as a result of what he called \"legitimate rape.\" Medical experts said Akin's statement is false, and many women's rights groups found the phrase \"legitimate rape\" demeaning. Akin's comments had a far-reaching political impact, changing the focus of political campaigns across the country to the War on Women. Akin was eventually denounced by politicians in both the Republican and Democratic Parties, most prominently by presidential candidate Mitt Romney and President Barack Obama.Following Akin's comments, additional controversies arose around other remarks made by various Republican politicians. The most notable of these was by Indiana State Treasurer and US Senate nominee Richard Mourdock, who said that life was \"something that God intended\", even if the pregnancy was due to rape. Some analysts identified the controversies around Mourdock's and Akin's comments, and those of other candidates, as a principal factor in their election losses. The comments may have had an effect on the national election results; many women voters supported Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama."@en .corpus360.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama's_Last_Stand> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Obama's Last Stand is an e-book written by POLITICO's  White House correspondent Glenn Thrush on Barack Obama. The book deals with the Barack Obama presidential campaign, 2012 and the tactics which he will use in the campaign and also deals with the differences within the his campaign team."@en .corpus361.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood_at_the_2012_Republican_National_Convention> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On Thursday, August 30, 2012, American actor and director Clint Eastwood gave a speech at the Republican National Convention.  Eastwood had endorsed Mitt Romney for the 2012 United States presidential election earlier that month.  Eastwood spent much of his speech time on a largely improvised routine addressing an empty chair representing President Barack Obama.  The speech, broadcast in a prime time slot, was viewed live by about 30 million Americans.  It met with a wide array of responses and stirred discussion."@en .corpus361.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronique_Peck> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Veronique Peck (née Passani; c. 1932 – August 17, 2012) was a French-American arts patron, philanthropist and journalist. She was married to actor, political activist and philanthropist Gregory Peck until his death in  2003.Born in Paris, France, Passani's mother was an artist and writer, while her father was an architect. She began her career as a journalist for France Soir, a French daily newspaper. She met Gregory Peck while conducting an interview for France Soir in 1953. The couple married on December 31, 1955, shortly after Peck's divorce from his first wife, Greta Kukkonen. Veronique Peck became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 1976.Veronique Peck became a well-known philanthropist in Greater Los Angeles. She and her husband raised approximately $50 million for the American Cancer Society during the 1960s. The Los Angeles Times named her \"Woman of the Year\" in 1967. Peck also co-founded the Inner City Cultural Center, a theater group composed of members from different ethnic backgrounds, and the Los Angeles Music Center.Gregory Peck died in 2003 and his widow took control of the Gregory Peck Reading Series soon after her husband's death. The series raises money on behalf of the Los Angeles Public Library through the collaboration of celebrities, including Sharon Stone and Quincy Jones. Veronique Peck had become friends with author Harper Lee while her husband was filming To Kill a Mockingbird. In 2005, Peck convinced the normally reclusive Lee to accept the Los Angeles Public Library Literary Award in person. Peck and her family attended a private White House screening of To Kill a Mockingbird in 2012 with President Barack Obama to mark what would have been her late husband's 96th birthday."@en .corpus362.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Era_Windows> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "New Era Windows is an American worker cooperative formed by Chicago union members seeking to purchase their workplace, a window manufacturing plant located on Goose Island. The plant, previously owned by Republic Windows and Doors and now owned by Serious Energy, assembles vinyl windows and sliding doors. The workers have twice occupied the plant in their struggle to secure their wages and maintain their jobs.Towards the end of 2008, after Bank of America discontinued Republic Windows and Doors' credit line, Republic closed the Chicago factory. Following the sudden closure of the factory, workers were fired with only three days' notice, violating the WARN Act. The WARN Act requires 60 days' notice of a plant closing, or 60 days pay if timely notice is not given.Workers and members of the UE Local 1110 organized and decided to stage an occupation of the factory in protest of the firings. On December 5, 2008, the plant was occupied by workers for six days, drawing comparisons to the autoworkers strikes of the 1930s. The workers' action drew extensive media coverage and attracted wide support. President Barack Obama said that Republic should follow through on its commitment to the plant's employees and Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan launched an investigation into violations of the WARN Act. Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich banned state business with Bank of America, because the bank's cancellation of the company's line of credit had prompted the shutdown. Protest demonstrations at Bank of America branches took place in dozens of U.S. cities during the sit-in. On December 10 the union members voted to end the occupation after Republic, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and the union negotiated a settlement that paid each worker eight weeks wages, plus all accumulated vacation pay, and health insurance for two months.Two months later, California window manufacturer Serious Materials (now Serious Energy) bought out Republic Windows and Doors for $1.45 million and reopened the plant, reinstating the union workers to their jobs in order of seniority and signing a labor contract with UE Local 1110 that was substantially the same as the union's former contract with Republic. In April 2009 Vice President Joe Biden visited the plant and met with company officials and union leaders, praising the reopening of the plant as \"a big deal.\"The workers and their struggle were featured in Michael Moore's 2009 documentary Capitalism: A Love Story.In February 2012 Serious Energy management announced the plant's immediate closing. The news was unexpected and the union responded in the same way it had four years prior. On February 23, 2012, workers represented by the UE Local 1110 and supported by organizers from Occupy Chicago occupied the factory again for 11 hours. Despite its drastic diminution - Serious Energy had called back 75 of the plant's 250 employees, with only 38 employed by the closing's announcement - workers successfully negotiated an agreement with management by that night. Assistance and publicity coincided with the Occupy movement in Chicago, members of which came to the plant. The union agreed to 90 days of employment before the plants closing.On May 30, 2012, workers from the factory incorporated as a worker-run cooperative. They are trying to secure an equitable price for the factory’s machinery in their negotiations with Serious Energy and their financiers, Mesirow Financial. The workers raised $520,000 and made an offer of $1.2 million for the purchase of the factory."@en .corpus362.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Not_Ask_What_Good_We_Do> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Do Not Ask What Good We Do: Inside the U.S. House of Representatives is a 2012 book by author Robert Draper and published by Free Press. It details the activities of Republicans and Democrats in the United States House of Representatives and the Senate during the first term of Barack Obama's presidency."@en .corpus362.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanhee_Chen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lanhee Chen (Chinese: 陳仁宜; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Jîn-gî; born July 4, 1978) is the David and Diane Steffy Research Fellow at the Hoover Institution, Director of Domestic Policy Studies and Lecturer in the Public Policy Program at Stanford University, and Lecturer in Law at Stanford Law School.  He is also a columnist with Bloomberg View.  Chen was nominated by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the United States Senate to a seat on the bipartisan and independent Social Security Advisory Board, which advises the President, Congress, and the Social Security Administrator on Social Security policies.  He was recommended for the post by United States Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell.  Previously, he was the policy director for the Mitt Romney presidential campaign, 2012 and Romney's chief policy adviser.  He has been described as the \"orchestra leader\" behind the Romney 2012 campaign. Romney confidante Beth Myers described Chen as the person Governor Romney relied on \"entirely\" for policy direction."@en .corpus362.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deferred_Action_for_Childhood_Arrivals> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) is an American immigration policy which allows certain undocumented immigrants who entered the country before their 16th birthday and before June 2007 to receive a renewable two-year work permit and exemption from deportation. It does not confer legal immigration status or provide a path to citizenship. It was started by the Obama administration in June 2013.At the program's start, the Pew Research Center estimated that up to 1.7 million people might be eligible. As of June 2014, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) has granted DACA status to about 581,000 individuals and denied to about 24,000.In November 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama announced changes to DACA which would expand it to include illegal immigrants who entered the country before 2010, eliminate the requirement that applicants be younger than 31 years old, and lengthen the renewable deferral period to three years. The Pew Research Center estimated that this would increase the number of eligible people by about 330,000."@en .corpus363.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geeta_Pasi> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Geeta Pasi is an American diplomat.  As of 2014 she is the American ambassador to Djibouti.Pasi was awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree from Duke University in 1984 and completed a Master of Arts at New York University in 1986.Pasi was appointed ambassador to Djibouti by United States President Barack Obama in 2011. She had previously held a number of diplomatic positions including deputy Chef de mission at the United States embassy in Bangladesh from 2006 to 2009."@en .corpus363.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Florida,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Florida took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Florida voters chose 29 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Several counties in the state suffered delays in finalizing their votes. This was caused in part by a high turnout, as well as a large number of absentee ballots to count, though some (international) media are responding that 'foul play' might be involved.As of November 8, the voting had still not concluded. However, with much of the remaining vote still coming in from heavily Democratic areas, Mitt Romney's Florida campaign acknowledged that Romney had lost the state to Barack Obama. In order to certify the election in Florida, the ballots will continue to be counted. Both Miami-Dade and Broward County completed their ballot counts on November 8, leaving Palm Beach and Duval counties as the only two that did not have a final count at the end of the day.Florida required all counties to finish counting by noon Saturday, but would not announce an official winner until the votes were certified on November 20. A recount is not done unless the difference is less than 0.5%. At 11 PM EST on November 9, the margin for Obama was 0.86%, with all but one county finished with their counting. On November 10, most major news sources projected Obama to be the winner of Florida's 29 electoral votes. It was the last state to be called in the 2012 presidential election, and was also the closest.Barack Obama ultimately carried the state of Florida with 50.01% of the vote, to Mitt Romney's 49.13%, a margin of 0.88%. Having also won the state in 2008, Obama's 2012 victory made him the first Democratic president since Franklin Roosevelt to carry Florida for the Democrats in two consecutive presidential elections."@en .corpus363.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anas_Aremeyaw_Anas> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anas Aremeyaw Anas is a Ghanaian investigative journalist born in the late 1970's. Anas is famous for utilizing his anonymity as a tool in his investigation arsenal (very few people have seen his face).  A multimedia journalist who specializes in print media and documentary, Anas focuses on issues of human rights and anti-corruption in Ghana and sub-Saharan Africa.Anas has won critical acclaim for his work advocating for the right to not be held in human slavery or servitude and to have a standard of living in the event of an illness. His investigative works have won him worldwide acclaim with President Barack Obama highlighting his virtues in a speech during his 2009 visit to Ghana: \"An independent press. A vibrant private sector. A civil society. Those are the things that give life to democracy. We see that spirit in courageous journalists like Anas Aremeyaw Anas, who risked his life to report the truth.\" Anas has won over fourteen international awards for his investigative work. He was polled as the 5th most influential Ghanaian in 2011 by ETV.and named one of the \"Most Influential Africans of the Year \"by the New African Magazine. in December 2014. \"Chameleon\" a documentary about Anas' life and work by Ryan Mullins was premiered at the 2014 IDFA festival in Amsterdam."@en .corpus363.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_from_My_Real_Father> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dreams from My Real Father: A Story of Reds and Deception is a 2012 American documentary-style film by Joel Gilbert which claims that U.S. President Barack Obama's biological father was Communist Party USA activist Frank Marshall Davis.   The title derived from the title of Obama's memoir Dreams from My Father."@en .corpus364.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_E._Chavez_National_Monument> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cesar E. Chavez National Monument is a 116-acre (47 ha) U.S. National Monument in Keene, Kern County, California. The property was the headquarters of the United Farm Workers, and home to César Chávez from the early 1970s until his death in 1993; it includes his gravesite.Cesar E. Chavez National Monument was established by President Barack Obama on October 8, 2012 by proclamation under authority of the Antiquities Act. The monument is located among the Tehachapi Mountains in Keene, California, about 27 miles (43 km) southeast of Bakersfield. The property is known as Nuestra Señora Reina de la Paz (La Paz), which was designated as a National Historic Landmark along with the monument on October 8, 2012.The monument is the 398th unit the National Park System and is managed collaboratively by the National Park Service and the National Chavez Center. The Center and members of the Chávez family offered to donate properties at La Paz to the federal government to establish the national monument. Initial funding was provided by the National Park Foundation's America Latino Heritage Fund. Some of the monument's services and programs are still in development, but a visitor center and memorial garden where Chavez is buried are open to the public."@en .corpus364.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pre-2012_statewide_opinion_polling_for_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article is a collection of statewide polls for the United States presidential election, 2012. The polls listed here, by state are from 2009 to December 31, 2011 and provide early data on opinion polling between a possible Republican candidate against incumbent President Barack Obama.Note: Some states did not conduct polling before December 31, 2011"@en .corpus364.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_dog_ate_my_homework> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"The dog ate my homework\" is an English expression purported to be a favorite excuse made by schoolchildren explaining their failure to turn in an assignment on time. The claim of a dog eating one's homework is inherently suspect since it is both impossible for a teacher to disprove and conveniently absolves the student who gives that excuse of any blame. Although suspicious, the claim is not absolutely beyond possibility since dogs are known to eat—or chew on—bunches of paper. It has grown beyond the educational context, becoming a sarcastic rejoinder to a similarly glib or otherwise insufficient or implausible explanation for a failure in any context.As an explanation for missing documents, it dates to a story about a Welsh minister first recorded in print in 1905. The Oxford English Dictionary suggests that a 1929 reference establishes that schoolchildren had at some time earlier than that offered it as an excuse to teachers. It was so recorded, more than once, in the 1965 bestselling novel Up the Down Staircase, and began to assume its present sense as the sine qua non of dubious excuses, particularly in American culture, both in school and out, in the 1970s. Presidents from Ronald Reagan to Barack Obama have used it to criticize political opponents, and it has been a source of humor for various comic strips and television shows, such as The Simpsons."@en .corpus365.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_C._Adams,_Jr.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles C. Adams, Jr. (born August 25, 1947) is an international arbitration expert and American political and social activist. Based in Geneva, Switzerland, he serves as co-chair of Americans Abroad for Obama, a Democratic Party fundraising and networking organization of Americans living overseas.He also served as a member of the National Finance Committee of the 2012 Barack Obama presidential campaign, a position he also held during the 2008 Obama campaign.In July 2014, Adams was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve as the U.S. Ambassador to Finland. His appointment requires Senate confirmation."@en .corpus365.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Haenle> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul Thomas Haenle (born (1966-04-21)April 21, 1966) has served as the founding director of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace's Beijing office, known as the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center (CTC), since 2010.    Under Paul's leadership, CTC has become one of the top-ranked independent foreign policy think tanks in China and a critical resource for Chinese and international experts for collaborative research and dialogue on global issues.  Paul is also a senior advisor at the global business-consulting firm, Teneo Strategy. Paul advises CEOs of Fortune 500 companies in the healthcare, chemical, clean energy, and technology sectors on how to navigate China’s foreign business environment. He also advises Chinese firms involved in international investment.Paul has over 20 years of U.S. government experience. Most recently, he served for five years at the White House under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama as the principal assistant to the President’s National Security Advisor and later as the China Director. From 2007 to 2009, Paul also played a key role as the White House Representative to the Six-Party Talks, the multilateral framework for nuclear negotiations with North Korea.Trained as a China Foreign Area Officer in the U.S. Army, Paul was assigned twice to the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, and also worked in the Pentagon as a China political-military advisor to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Early assignments in the U.S. Army included postings in Germany, Desert Storm 1991, Korea and Kuwait. Paul retired from the U.S. Army as a lieutenant colonel.  He received a master’s degree in Asian Studies from Harvard University in 2001.Paul currently serves as an adjunct professor at Tsinghua University in the department of international relations; an advisor to Harvard Square Educational Associates;  SAGE Worldwide, a global events and speaker company; the Royal Asiatic Society, Beijing Chapter;  the Young China Watchers, a global platform for facilitating dialogue between international and Chinese young professionals;  and Atlas-China, a human resources firm specializing in finding opportunities for young professionals in the China job market."@en .corpus365.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Oval_Office_Addresses> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The list of Oval Office addresses comprises televised speeches given by presidents of the United States from the Oval Office in the White House. Speeches from the Oval Office have often been reserved for major events of national or international importance, usually relating to the economy or military and foreign policy. Notable Oval Office addresses have included Richard Nixon's announcement of his resignation from the presidency, Ronald Reagan's remarks following the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster, George W. Bush's announcement of the start of the U.S. invasion of Iraq, and Barack Obama's announcement of the end of combat operations in Iraq. Three presidents have also chosen to give a farewell address from the Oval Office near the end of their terms in office: Dwight Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, and Bill Clinton."@en .corpus365.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Council_for_Education_&_Research> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Jewish Council for Education & Research (JCER) is a federal Super PAC that has the purpose of developing and disseminating political information to United States voters.They endorsed Barack Obama for the 2012 election and believed that \"his administration has made significant progress towards fulfilling the pledges he made during his campaign.\""@en .corpus366.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Christmas_Time_Again> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"It's Christmas Time Again\" is a Christmas song by American vocal group Backstreet Boys. The song was written by Backstreet Boys members Nick Carter and Howie Dorough along with Mika Guillory and Morgan Taylor Reid in early October 2012. It is the first song by the Backstreet Boys to feature Kevin Richardson's vocals in six years. Richardson left the group in 2006 and rejoined in 2012. It is also the first song released under the group's own label K-BAHN.A sneak preview of \"It's Christmas Time Again\" was posted on the group's official website on November 1, 2012 and AOL Music premiered the full song on November 5, 2012. \"It's Christmas Time Again\" was released digitally on November 6, 2012. The Backstreet Boys performed the song publicly for the very first time on November 4, 2012 at the taping of Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade at Disneyland, CA. On November 14, 2012, the group debuted the song on national TV on the The Talk and on December 19, 2012 they performed the song on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.In December 2013, the Backstreet Boys performed this song in the annual \"Christmas in Washington\" TV special which was also attended by the President of the United States Barack Obama and his family."@en .corpus366.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_impact_of_Hurricane_Sandy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In late October 2012, the post-tropical cyclone once known as Hurricane Sandy made landfall in New Jersey.  By the time it made landfall, it had merged with other storm systems.  The combined storm caused over $50 billion in damages and cost over 100 lives in the United States.The storm and its aftermath had several direct and indirect effects on the American political environment leading up to the 2012 United States General Election, in which Mitt Romney challenged incumbent Barack Obama for the Presidency."@en .corpus366.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_House_of_Representatives_elections,_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 4, 2014. Elections were held in the United States on November 4, 2014 for all 435 seats of the House of Representatives, representing the 50 states. Elections were also held for the non-voting delegates from the District of Columbia and four of the five territories.The winners of these elections are serving in the 114th United States Congress, with seats apportioned among the states based on the 2010 United States Census.The Republicans won 16 seats from Democrats, while 3 Republican-held seats turned Democratic.  The Republicans achieved their largest majority in the House since 1928. Combined with the Republican gains made in 2010, the total number of Democratic-held House seats lost under Barack Obama's presidency in midterm elections rose to 77 with these elections. This marked the highest number of House seats lost under a two-term president of the same party since Harry S. Truman. This election was also known for having the lowest voter turnout since the 1942 elections."@en .corpus366.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_reactions_to_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "As a result of incumbent U.S. President Barack Obama's re-election victory over Mitt Romney, reaction emanated from across the world including states and other institutions. Several U.S. embassies around the world held mock elections and hosted parties in watching the final result trickle through. Obama will also make his first foreign trip after the election day success at the end of November when he visits Cambodia for the 2012 ASEAN summit amidst his foreign policy outlook shift to East Asia. On the same trip, he became the first ever U.S. president to visit Myanmar. Global popular sentiment was generally in favor of Obama with the exception of Chile, Pakistan and, speculatively, Iran. Financial markets responded with mixed reactions to the result while the international news media reacted to specific issues surrounding the election."@en .corpus366.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manned_mission_to_an_asteroid> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A human mission to an asteroid is one of the long term goals of astronautics. The near-Earth asteroids are the target of such a mission, due to their proximity to the Earth.A human mission to an asteroid would be a new step in the history of spaceflight, by sending astronauts beyond the moon's orbit, in a range of 4.8 million kilometers from Earth.President Barack Obama announced 15 April 2010 that the project of a human mission to an asteroid became a new goal for 2025. This statement was announced after his proposal of cancellation of the Constellation program in February 2010, whose main objective was the return of the man on the moon. Obama added that deep space mission could serve as a springboard for a manned mission to Mars in the mid-2030s.NASA is developing the Orion spacecraft and launcher Space Launch System (SLS) that will achieve the task in Exploration Mission 2."@en .corpus366.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack's_Dubs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack's Dubs is a popular YouTube channel and series that uses Barack Obama speeches to create cover songs of popular songs. The channel was created by Fadi Saleh, a student of the University of Tennessee. The channel is a Maker Studios partner."@en .corpus366.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second-term_curse> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The second-term curse is the perceived tendency of second terms of recent U.S. presidents to be less successful than their first terms. According to the \"curse\", the second terms of recent presidents have usually been plagued by a major scandal, policy inertia, some sort of catastrophe, or other problems. The legend behind the second term curse is the fact that Franklin D. Roosevelt broke the de facto 2nd term limit by running for third and fourth terms. Some people have said they believe that, in response, the ghost of George Washington might have put a curse on any President that seeks a 2nd term.Whether this perceived tendency is real is a subject of dispute: for example, political statistician Nate Silver, after analyzing presidential approval ratings for Harry S. Truman through Barack Obama, did find that approval ratings were lower on average during second terms, but he also found a variety of other reasons to explain those ratings, and he concluded that that \"the idea of the second-term curse is sloppy as an analytical concept.\" In addition, political writer Michael Barone cited several presidents who had successful second-terms, and wrote that \"second-term problems resulted more often from the failure to adjust to changed circumstances and unanticipated challenges\"."@en .corpus367.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_Union_School_District> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Saratoga Union School District is a school district for primary and middle schools in the city of Saratoga in Santa Clara County, California in the USA. It was established in 1865 and covers the majority of the city of Saratoga as well as small sections of Monte Sereno and Los Gatos.The district is responsible for educating children from kindergarten to grade 8. As of 2012 it has 3 elementary schools (grades K to 5) and one middle school (grades 6 to 8). The Los Gatos-Saratoga Joint Union High School District provides education from grade 9 onwards in the local area.The Redwood Middle School Marching Band and Color Guard was selected to represent the state of California in the 56th Presidential Inaugural Parade of President Barack Obama in Washington, D.C. on January 20, 2009."@en .corpus367.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Narwhal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Project Narwhal is the name of a computer program used by the 2012 campaign by Barack Obama. It was contrasted in the Mitt Romney presidential campaign by Project Orca, so named because the orca is one of the few predators of the narwhal."@en .corpus367.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_presidential_primaries,_2016> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016 will take place in the 50 states, the District of Columbia and U.S. territories prior to the 2016 general election to determine the Democratic Party's nominee for the Presidency of the United States. Incumbent president and 2012 nominee Barack Obama is ineligible for reelection, due to term limits under the Twenty-second Amendment."@en .corpus367.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13567> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "United States President Barack Obama signed Executive Order 13567 on March 7, 2011.Its purpose was to establish:Executive Order 13567 is a follow on to Executive Order 13492 and Executive Order 13493 executive orders Obama signed on January 21, 2009, the day after he assumed office.Those executive orders were intended to review which Guantanamo detainees should be released.The Guantanamo Joint Task Force those executive orders set up reviewed the detainees, and recommended that a first group of detainees should be tried, a second group of detainees should be released, and compiled a list of a third group of detainees who should neither be released or charged.  Executive Order 13567 established a Periodic Review Secretariat, that would oversee Periodic Review Boards, which would perform periodic reviews of the individuals in the third group, those who were being held indefinitely, without charge."@en .corpus367.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Nuts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mr. Nuts was a large, black and white domestic short hair tuxedo cat said to be able to predict the loser of contests such as sporting events and elections.  His predictions were made by using cat litter boxes.A November 2012 press release concerning the American presidential election received coverage throughout the United States. It detailed how the cat predicted Mitt Romney to be the loser by using a cat litter box placed to the \"right\" of one designated for incumbent Barack Obama. Rather than selecting the winner, the box Mr. Nuts \"selects\" determines the loser.As a result of the release, Mr. Nuts became a minor internet sensation on election day as his story was picked up by newspapers, television and radio stations while comedienne Julie Klausner asked her followers to use #MrNuts in all their political messages on Twitter.  He was also listed in a blog entry of unusual celebrity endorsers with Honey Boo Boo, Meat Loaf, Gene Simmons, Martin Sheen, Kim Kardashian, Madonna, Hulk Hogan, Axl Rose and Joss Whedon, which also went viral.Named after his prominent \"manly bits\" prior to being castrated, the cat is reported to have successfully chosen the loser of the Pittsburgh Steelers vs. Green Bay Packers, New England Patriots vs. New York Giants and Baltimore Ravens vs. San Francisco 49ers Super Bowls, the sex of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's child, and the 2013 America's Cup winner.He died of intestinal cancer on March 13, 2014."@en .corpus368.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Staats> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brad Staats (age 43) is the unsuccessful 2012 Republican candidate for Tennessee's 5th Congressional District.  He ran on a \"family matters\" platform that stressed traditional values and Second Amendment rights.  He drew national attention in Oct-2012 after posting a photo of his handgun to his Facebook page, alongside a message \"welcoming\" President Barack Obama to Tennessee.  He lost to Democratic incumbent Rep. Jim Cooper by a margin of about 85,000 votes, or more than 30 percent of the total vote.Staats was arrested early on the morning of 25-Nov-2012 on a domestic assault charge after police responded to a call from his wife claiming that he slapped her.  He was booked into Davidson County Jail.  He posted a $5,000 bond and was later released.  His trial date was set for 7-Feb-2013.  He reached a plea bargain and plead guilty to disorderly conduct. On 3-Mar-2013, he was arrested again in Panama City, Florida. According the Bay County Sheriff's Office and Clerk of the Court, he was arrested for interfering with an emergency situation (traffic accident) and resisting arrest without violence. He was released on his own recognise and a trial scheduled 7-July-2013. On 4-June-2013, the case was dropped against him."@en .corpus368.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Kilgore> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Larry SECEDE Kilgore (born 1965; middle name formerly Scott, legally changed in 2012) is a Texas secessionist and perennial Republican candidate for various elected offices in Texas. He is considered one of the most prominent supporters of Texas secession. Interest in Kilgore and his ideas increased following the 2012 United States presidential election in which Democratic president Barack Obama was re-elected; Obama's re-election sparked a wave of petitions for secession on the White House's official website.Kilgore, whose motto is \"Secession! All other issues can be dealt with later\" has never won a Republican primary. He ran for governor in 2006 and came second in the Republican primary behind Governor Rick Perry with 50,119 votes (7.64%). He then ran for the U.S. Senate in 2008 and came second in the Republican primary behind Senator John Cornyn with 225,897 votes (18.51%). He ran again for governor in 2014 but was not a factor in the March 4 nomination of fellow Republican Greg Abbott, the outgoing state attorney general, who hopes to succeed Perry in January 2015.There are a number of different positions held by advocates of Texas's secession. Kilgore believes that Texas could leave the U.S. without permission from the federal government.Kilgore has advanced a number of other policies in his political bids, mainly based on what he considers biblical law. Running for the U.S. Senate in 2008, he advocated the death penalty for abortion, adultery and homosexuality and flogging for vulgar language and transvestitism. He also believes that Abraham Lincoln was the American equivalent of Adolf Hitler. He discussed this view and his support for secessionism in general when he appeared in a segment of The Daily Show on 21 February 2013.Kilgore lives in Arlington, Texas, and works as a telecommunications contractor."@en .corpus368.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speeches_of_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama is the 44th and current President of the United States. Before he took office in 2009, he served in the Illinois Senate (1997–2004) and the United States Senate (2005–2008).It was during his campaign for the United States Senate that he first made a speech that received nationwide attention; he gave the keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention. and stated \"there is not a liberal America and a conservative America — there is the United States of America\". Obama began to run for president just three years after that speech. In response to a political controversy involving race during the primary campaign, he delivered his \"A More Perfect Union\" speech, which was widely seen as a critical point in the campaign.Obama won election to the presidency in 2008 and re-election in 2012. Among the hundreds of speeches he has delivered since then include six speeches before Congress (including four State of the Union addresses), two victory speeches, a speech to the Islamic world in Egypt early in his first term, and a speech following the shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords."@en .corpus368.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Addleton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jonathan Addleton is an American author and diplomat.  He served as the 8th U.S. Ambassador to Mongolia from 2009 to 2012.Addleton was born in 1957 in Pakistan, the son of Baptist missionaries from rural Georgia.  He spent his early years with his parents in Upper Sind then attended the Murree Christian School, located at an old British Himalayan hill station near the tiny crossroads town of Jhika Gali in the Murree hills of Rawalpindi District, Punjab province. He went on to attend college at Northwestern University, where he received his bachelor’s in journalism. He later earned his MA and PhD from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. As an undergraduate he was an intern and then a reporter at The Macon Telegraph. He worked briefly at the World Bank and the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, before joining the Foreign Service in 1984. His first assignments were as USAID Program Officer in Jordan, Kazakhstan, South Africa, and Yemen.From 2001-2004 Addleton as USAID mission director in Mongolia. He then headed the USAID missions in Cambodia (2004-2006) and Pakistan (2006-2007). Addleton was  Counselor for International Development at the US Mission to the European Union in Brussels, Belgium, when President Barack Obama nominated him to be ambassador to Mongolia.His publishing credits include a memoir of his childhood in Pakistan, Some Far and Distant Place, Undermining the Centre: The Gulf Migration and Pakistan, and Mongolia and the United States: A Diplomatic History.  He has also contributed articles to Asian Survey, Asian Affairs, Muslim World, Foreign Service Journal and The Washington Post.He speaks Urdu and Hindi."@en .corpus368.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Nix> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sheila Nix is an American political strategist, most recently serving as Chief of Staff to Jill Biden, the wife of Vice President Joe Biden since April, 2013.She previously served as campaign Chief of Staff to Vice President Biden. She was based in Chicago at the Obama for America headquarters for the 2012 presidential campaign.From 2009 to 2012, she wasExecutive Director of Bono's The ONE Campaign, a global advocacy and campaigning organization that fights extreme poverty and preventable disease, particularly in Africa, by raising public awareness and working with political leaders to support effective policies and programs that save lives. She was responsible for ONE’s advocacy, communications and campaign activities in the United States.From 2004 to 2008, she was of two deputy governors in the administration of Gov. Rod Blagojevich of Illinois - but left to spend time with her family before he was accused and then convicted of trying to sell then President-elect Barack Obama's Senate seat.Nix had been chief of staff in Washington to U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., where she was responsible for setting up his Washington, DC and Florida operations and managing a staff of fifty.  Senator Nelson served on the Foreign Relations, Armed Services, Budget and Commerce Committees. She was also policy director and chief of staff in Blair Hull’s Democratic primary campaign against the eventual winner, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama, and others in 2004.From 1992 to 1999, Sheila worked for Senator Bob Kerrey, holding positions as Chief of Staff and Legislative Director.  As legislative director, she focused on developing policy for the Senator, especially on healthcare issues.  She also served as the Budget Director at the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee.  Prior to that, she worked on Bob Kerrey’s presidential campaign in 1991 and 1992.Sheila was an associate at Arnold and Porter LLP from 1989 to 1991. She earned her BS from Creighton University and later her JD from the University of Chicago Law School."@en .corpus368.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_people_on_the_cover_of_GQ> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "These people appeared on the cover GQ magazine:50 Cent (December 2005)Ben Affleck (February 1998, May 2001, November 2001, December 2012)Andre Agassi (September 1989, July 1996)Dianna Agron (November 2010)Christina Aguilera (June 2006)Troy Aikman (September 1993)Jessica Alba (April 2005, June 2007)Muhammad Ali (April 1998)Marcus Allen (November 1984)Nancy Allen (September 1981)Woody Allen (February 1986)Herb Alpert (September 1969)Jennifer Aniston (December 2005, January 2009, March 2012)Armand Assante (December 1991)Fred Astaire (September 1964)Alec Baldwin (February 1990)Christian Bale (March 2007, June 2009)Eric Bana (July 2003, March 2008)Antonio Banderas (December 1995)Tyra Banks (February 1996, January 2000)Tiki Barber (October 2001)Charles Barkley (November 1994)Jason Bateman (April 2013)Alan Bates (October 1978)Gary Beban (January 1968)Boris Becker (September 1991)Corbin Bernsen (August 1987)Halle Berry (August 2004)Beyoncé (February 2013) Jessica Biel (July 2007)Rachel Bilson (February 2008)Jack Black (January 2006)Orlando Bloom (January 2004, November 2005)Hart Bochner (February 1980)Barry Bonds (April 1994)Chadwick Boseman (October 2014)Kate Bosworth (January 2005)Tom Brady (October 2002, September 2005, February 2011)Jeff Bridges (June 1986, July 1994, October 2013)Adrien Brody (November 2003)Josh Brolin (January 2008)Pierce Brosnan (November 2000)Bryan Brown (April 1990)Kobe Bryant (October 2001, November 2001, March 2010)Gisele Bündchen (July 2008)Edward Burns (February 2001)Nicolas Cage (August 1990, March 1997)Michael Caine (December 1983)Jose Canseco (May 1989)Steve Carell (December 2014) David Caruso (May 1994)Johnny Carson (November 1971)Jackie Chan (August 1996)Carol Channing (Winter 1964-65)Dave Chappelle (December 2014) Hayden Christensen (May 2005)Louis C.K. (May 2014) Bill Clinton (November 1992)George Clooney (March 1995, October 1997, November 1998, January 2003)Sacha Baron Cohen (July 2009)Stephen Colbert (May 2007)Sean Combs (August 1999)Sean Connery (April 1966, July 1989)Rita Coolidge (Winter 1977)Bradley Cooper (January 2014)Kevin Costner (May 1987, July 1991)Bryan Cranston (August 2013)Ben Cross (January 1985)Russell Crowe (March 1999, March 2005)Tom Cruise (December 1988, December 1992, December 1996, November 1997, March 2000, December 2004, May 2006)Penélope Cruz (February 2000)Billy Crystal (August 1989)Maria Grazia Cucinotta (May 1997)Benedict Cumberbatch (January 2014)John Cusack (December 1997)Salvador Dalí (October 1963)Timothy Dalton (June 1987)Jeff Daniels (October 1987)Ted Danson (September 1984, August 1988, July 1993)Ron Darling (August 1986)Matt Damon (December 1999, August 2007, January 2012)Geena Davis (June 1989, February 1994)Sammy Davis Jr. (September 1967)Terrell Davis (September 1999)Benicio Del Toro (November 2001)Robert De Niro (January 1991, January 2007)Johnny Depp (October 1993, August 2003, February 2010)Cameron Diaz (October 2005)Leonardo DiCaprio (December 2006, December 2008, October 2011, May 2013) Vin Diesel (August 2002)Phyllis Diller (Winter 1966-67)Matt Dillon (April 1991)Joe DiMaggio (October 1965)Luis Miguel Dominguín (April 1965)Michael Douglas (December 1985)Robert Downey Jr. (January 1993, May 2008, May 2013)Drake (April 2012)Adam Driver (September 2014) David Duchovny (January 1997, November 1997)Clint Eastwood (March 1993, December 2009)Zac Efron (May 2009)Idris Elba (October 2013)Ansel Elgort (December 2014) Eminem (November 2011)Chris Evans (July 2011)Jim Everett (September 1990)Jimmy Fallon (December 2011, April 2013)Colin Farrell (November 2003, November 2004)Michael Fassbender (December 2011, June 2012, November 2013)Gary Fencik (September 1986)Will Ferrell (July 2004, July 2006, December 2006, December 2013)Ralph Fiennes (August 1994, July 1998)Bridget Fonda (March 1992)Henry Fonda (March 1965)Harrison Ford (April 1982, November 1986, June 1994, November 1998, March 2000)Henry Ford II (November 1964)Matthew Fox (March 2006)Megan Fox (October 2008)Michael J. Fox (December 1986, November 1989)Jamie Foxx (February 2005)Dave Franco (April 2012)James Franco (September 2008, June 2013)Brendan Fraser (September 2000)James Gandolfini (December 2004, December 2013)Andy Garcia (December 1990, July 1995)Nomar Garciaparra (April 2000)Zach Galifianakis (May 2011)James Garner (March 1984)Jennifer Garner (March 2003)Kevin Garnett  (October 2002)Richard Gere (March 1980)Jason Giambi (October 2001)Mel Gibson (June 1983, February 1987, May 1995, November 1996)Frank Gifford (February 1984)Jeff Goldblum (July 1985, June 1989)John Goodman (April 1992)Joseph Gordon-Levitt (August 2012)Al Gore (November 1992)Ryan Gosling (November 2007, January 2011)Robert Goulet (February 1966)Cary Grant (September 1962, March 1964, January 1986)Hugh Grant (December 1994, October 1998, November 2002)Ken Griffey Jr. (April 1996)Blake Griffin (October 2014)Robert Griffin III (September 2013)Bryant Gumbel (July 1987)Jake Gyllenhaal (June 2004, February 2007, May 2010)Tom Hanks (January 1988, June 1995, November 1999)Tim Hardaway (January 1998)Kit Harington (April 2014)Mark Harmon (April 1987)Woody Harrelson (May 1991)Rex Harrison (September 1963)Josh Hartnett (October 2006)Joseph Heller (August 1984)Don Henley (August 1991)Keith Hernandez (April 1986)Martina Hingis (June 1998)Grant Hill (April 1995, November 1997)Alfred Hitchcock (Winter 1963-64)Dustin Hoffman (December 1988)Philip Seymour Hoffman (January 2001)Katie Holmes (April 2002)Evander Holyfield (February 1999)Bob Hope (September 1965)Peter Horton (April 1989)Rock Hudson (March 1967)Timothy Hutton (February 1985)Jeremy Irons (April 1984, November 1990)Hugh Jackman (January 2002)Bo Jackson (March 1990)Michael Jackson (October 1994, September 2009)Helmut Jahn (May 1985)LeBron James (February 2009, September 2010, March 2014)Jay-Z (December 2006, December 2011)Bruce Jenner (February 1979)Peter Jennings (October 1984)Derek Jeter (September 1998, April 2000, April 2011)Scarlett Johansson (December 2010)Dwayne Johnson (October 2003)Jimmy Johnson (September 1994)Lyndon B. Johnson (March 1966)Magic Johnson (March 1987, February 1993)Angelina Jolie (March 2004)January Jones (November 2009)Tommy Lee Jones (March 1994)Michael Jordan (March 1989, November 1996)Ashley Judd (October 1999)Colin Kaepernick (September 2013)Michael Keaton (June 1992)Joseph P. Kennedy II (September 1988)John F. Kennedy (March 1962, January 1992)Miranda Kerr (June 2010)Jimmy Kimmel (November 2008)Jaime King (April 2001)Kevin Kline (November 1987)Heidi Klum (January 1999, September 2002)Johnny Knoxville (September 2003, August 2005)Anna Kournikova (August 2000)Kris Kristofferson (Winter 1977)Mila Kunis (August 2011, December 2011)Karolina Kurkova (May 2004)Ashton Kutcher (February 2004)Kendrick Lamar (December 2013)Shia LaBeouf (June 2008, April 2010)Christopher Lambert (December 1984)Ralph Lauren (November 2002)Taylor Lautner (July 2010)Jude Law (July 2002, December 2004)Heath Ledger (June 2001, February 2006)Mario Lemieux (October 2001)David Letterman (July 1984, June 1990, August 1993)Carl Lewis (June 1984)Huey Lewis (January 1987)Lil' Wayne (November 2011)Adriana Lima (April 2006, April 2008)Jeremy Lin (November 2012)Ray Liotta (November 1991)Lindsay Lohan (October 2004, April 2007)Howie Long (September 1987)Jennifer Lopez (December 2002)Greg Louganis (May 1988)Bernie Mac (April 2003)Kyle MacLachlan (August 1992)Tobey Maguire (March 2002)Dan Marino (September 1985, September 1996)Bruno Mars (April 2013)Steve Martin (July 1990)Marcello Mastroianni (April 1964, May 1986)Willie Mays (April 1994)Matthew McConaughey (July 1997, December 2013, November 2014)Dylan McDermott (November 1999)Ewan McGregor (May 1999)Zubin Mehta (January 1982)Eva Mendes (June 2003)Lea Michele (November 2010)Cory Monteith (November 2010)Julianne Moore (July 2001)Tracy Morgan (August 2010)Viggo Mortensen (April 2004)Zero Mostel (Winter 1962-63)Alonzo Mourning (January 1998)Eddie Murphy (July 1992)Bill Murray (January 2013)Mike Myers (June 1999)Liam Neeson (December 1993, March 1998, April 2014)John Newcombe (May 1974)Cam Newton (September 2012)Paul Newman (January 1995, October 2007)Jack Nicholson (March 1981, January 1990, January 1996)Nick Nolte (October 1991)Edward Norton (March 2001)Shaquille O'Neal (November 1993, November 2000)Barack Obama (September 2007)Ken Olin (April 1989)Julia Ormond (May 1996)Clive Owen (September 2006, October 2014)Al Pacino (September 1992)Robert Palmer (July 1988)Robert Pattinson (April 2009)Chris Paul (October 2012)Guy Pearce (February 2002)Sean Penn (September 1997)Katy Perry (February 2014) Matthew Perry (November 2000)Daniela Peštová (May 1998)Joaquin Phoenix (June 2000)Mike Piazza (April 1999)Brad Pitt (June 2005)Chris Pratt (December 2014) Prince Charles (April 1993)Dennis Quaid (December 1987)Patrick Rafter (July 1999)Emily Ratajkowski (July 2014) Robert Redford (March 1974)Norman Reedus (October 2014)Christopher Reeve (October 1979)Keanu Reeves (May 2003)Lana Del Rey (September 2012)Ryan Reynolds (October 2010)Keith Richards (November 2011)Rihanna (January 2010 and December 2012)Pat Riley (January 1989, January 1998)Cal Ripken Jr. (April 1985, May 1993)Tim Robbins (October 1992)Julia Roberts (February 1991)Chris Rock (November 1998, June 2002)Sam Rockwell (February 2003)Dennis Rodman (February 1997)Alex Rodriguez (April 2000)Seth Rogen (August 2008)Howard Rollins (August 1982)Rebecca Romijn (February 1997)Derrick Rose (May 2012)Paul Rudd (March 2012)Kurt Russell (March 1985, June 1991)Spider Sabich (November 1974)Michael Sam (December 2014) Mark Sanchez (September 2011)John Savage (April 1980)Steven Seagal (March 1991)Jerry Seinfeld (May 1992, November 1996)Tom Selleck (October 1989, October 2014)Arnold Schwarzenegger (July 1986, May 1990, June 1993)David Schwimmer (March 1996)Omar Sharif (September 1968)Charlie Sheen (June 1988)Martin Sheen (April 1975)Elisabeth Shue (October 1996)Jessica Simpson (July 2005)Alexander Skarsgard (June 2011)John Slattery (April 2012)Ozzie Smith (April 1988)Will Smith (June 1997, November 1999, December 2001)Jimmy Smits (November 1988)Mira Sorvino (August 1997)Kevin Spacey (October 2000)James Spader (October 1990)Steve Spurrier (January 1967)Ben Stiller (September 2001)Sting (June 1985, December 1989)Sharon Stone (November 1995)Barbra Streisand (Winter 1965-66)Donald Sutherland (January 1984)Patrick Swayze (February 1989, February 1992)Brandon Tartikoff (October 1985)Channing Tatum (August 2009, March 2011, December 2012, June 2014)Tim Tebow (September 2012)Joe Theismann (November 1983)Charlize Theron (December 2000)Justin Theroux (October 2013) Isiah Thomas (February 1988)Uma Thurman (February 1995, December 2003)Justin Timberlake (September 2004, August 2006, March 2009, December 2011, December 2013)John Travolta (September 1981, October 1995)Donald Trump (May 1984)Chris Tucker (August 2001)Liv Tyler (August 1998)Kate Upton (July 2012)Jean-Claude Van Damme (August 1995)Vince Vaughn (December 1998, December 2005)Dwyane Wade (November 2006)Robert Wagner (March 1986)Mark Wahlberg (July 2000)Estella Warren (May 2000)Denzel Washington (October 1988, January 1994, November 2002, October 2012)Kanye West (December 2007, August 2014)Olivia Wilde (October 2009)Billy Dee Williams (October 1980)Michelle Williams (February 2012)Pharrell Williams (April 2014) Robin Williams (August 1985)Bruce Willis (October 1986, June 1996, March 2013)Shailene Woodley (December 2014) James Woods (March 1988)Tiger Woods (April 1997)Michael York (April 1979)Steve Young (September 1995)Zhang Ziyi (March 2002)Leighton Meester (December 2009)Adam Brody (May 2012)"@en .corpus369.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Builders_and_Contractors> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Associated Builders and Contractors (ABC) is a national trade association representing the merit shop construction industry. ABC is a federation of 74 chapters with 22,000 commercial contractors and construction-related firms among its members. The association was founded in Baltimore, Maryland in 1950 to advocate \"for free enterprise and open competition in the U.S. construction industry.\"  ABC's strategic partners are Maxwell Systems, specializing in construction software, and CNA, specializing in insurance for the construction industry. Their positions regarding the Davis-Bacon Act and ProjectLaborAgreements often pit them in political battles against labor unions from the building trades.  The Center for Responsive Politics has designated ABC as a \"Heavy Hitter\", rating it among the largest overall contributors to federal elections over the past two decades.  The group also ranks among the 50 largest trade associations in the nation according to Washington Business Journal. ABC endorsed Governor Mitt Romney during the 2012 Republican primary after the candidate addressed its national board, and backed him in his general election race against President Barack Obama."@en .corpus369.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reactions_to_the_Sandy_Hook_Elementary_School_shooting> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The December 14, 2012, Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting — in which the perpetrator shot and killed 20 school children, 6 teachers, his mother and then himself — received international attention. Governments and world leaders offered their condolences, while tributes and vigils by people were made in honor of the victims.  U.S. President Barack Obama gave a televised address at 3:16 p.m. EST on the day of the shootings, saying, \"We're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics.\" Obama paused twice during the address to compose himself and wipe away tears, and expressed \"enormous sympathy for families that are affected\". He also ordered flags to be flown at half-staff at the White House and other U.S. federal government facilities worldwide in respect for the victims. Within 15 hours of the massacre, 100,000 Americans signed up at the Obama administration's We the People petitioning website in support of a renewed national debate on gun control. Obama attended and spoke at an interfaith vigil on December 16 in Newtown, Connecticut."@en .corpus37.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Women's_Forum> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Independent Women's Forum (IWF) is a politically conservative American non-profit organization focused on policy issues of concern to women. The IWF was founded by activist Rosalie Silberman to promote a \"conservative alternative to feminist tenets\" following the controversial Supreme Court nomination of Clarence Thomas in 1992.The group advocates \"equity feminism,\" a term first used by IWF author Christina Hoff Sommers to distinguish \"traditional, classically liberal, humanistic feminism\" from \"gender feminism\", which she claims opposes gender roles as well as patriarchy. According to Sommers, the gender feminist view is \"the prevailing ideology among contemporary feminist philosophers and leaders\" and \"thrives on the myth that American women are the oppressed 'second sex.'\" Sommers' equity feminism has been described as anti-feminist by critics.In the 2012 U.S. Presidential election, the IWF took a vocal stance against Barack Obama on its website and in a series of political ads comparing the President to a dishonest boyfriend."@en .corpus37.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Fowler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Donnie Fowler (born 1967) is an American entrepreneur and political activist from Columbia, South Carolina, who now lives in San Francisco.  He has worked in the technology, telecommunications, and political world for more than 25 years.Fowler has worked in the Clinton White House, at the Federal Communications Commission, as vice president at Silicon Valley’s TechNet, and as a founder of two companies that cross the technology and public spaces. His firm, Dogpatch Strategies, and his partnerships with various companies center around business development and strategic communications for organizations that are leading innovators in their space and that often provide a public good.  For example, he led Facebook's first efforts into political campaigns during the 2006 congressional elections, organized California's clean tech industry in its successful fight to protect the state's clean energy law (known as AB32) during 2012's Proposition 23 fight,  and has an ongoing senior business development role with PredPol, a company founded in 2012 that provides crime prediction software to police in the United States and abroad.In politics, Fowler has worked at the state and national level on the presidential campaigns of Dick Gephardt, Jesse Jackson, Bill Clinton, Al Gore, Wes Clark, John Kerry, and Barack Obama. He also worked as a Clinton White House staffer as a liaison to Congress for presidential appointments and as a presidential appointee at the Federal Communications Commission where he dealt with broadband Internet, cable television, and satellite issues.Fowler was Al Gore's National Field & Delegates Director during the 2000 presidential campaign, managing the in-state political operations for Gore's victory over Bill Bradley for the Democratic nomination and the popular vote victory over George W. Bush in the general election.  He was General Wesley Clark's first campaign manager in 2003 ran John Kerry's 2004 winning campaign in the state of Michigan, and was senior advisor in Indiana for Barack Obama's victory there (the first time a Democratic presidential candidate won the Hoosier state since 1964).Following the 2004 election, Fowler ran for the DNC Chairmanship, receiving the second highest-level of support behind eventual winner and former Vermont governor Howard Dean. Similar to Dean, Fowler called for the Democratic Party to broaden its approach to voters and look to state and county parties for its message and its growth.Fowler is a graduate of the University of Virginia and the University of South Carolina School of Law. He is the son of former Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairman Donald Fowler."@en .corpus37.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Guest> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael E. Guest (born 1957) was an openly gay U.S. Ambassador to Romania during the Bush Presidency. Guest was sworn in by U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on September 18, 2001 and took up his duties on September 24, 2001.His life partner Alex Nevarez was acknowledged by Powell at the swearing-in ceremony in the State Department Diplomatic Reception Room. LGBT rights groups viewed Guest's appointment, and Powell's remarks, as historic and indicative of greater recognition of gay State Department employees and same-sex partners. Socially conservative groups expressed opposition to Guest's appointment and to Powell's gesture.A Foreign Service officer since 1981, Guest was the first publicly gay man to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate and serve as a U.S. Ambassador. The first publicly gay ambassador, James Hormel, received a recess appointment from Bill Clinton after the Senate failed to confirm his nomination.  Guest resided together with Nevarez at the residence of the American Embassy in Bucharest until 2004 when his appointment came to an end. Romania's last anti-gay law, Article 200 of the Penal Code, which criminalised public manifestations of homosexuality, was repealed shortly before Guest's arrival as ambassador in 2001.During his tenure as ambassador, Guest was outspoken against public corruption, which he said had impeded Romania's development since the fall of communism. At the same time, his ambassadorship was characterized by strong relations between the U.S. and Romania. Romania committed troops to support U.S.-led efforts in Afghanistan and Iraq. Romania was also admitted into NATO and intensified negotiations that would eventually lead to the country's accession into the European Union. President George W. Bush made an official visit to Bucharest in 2002.Before Guest's departure from Romania at the end of his duties in 2003, then Romanian President Ion Iliescu awarded him the Romanian \"Order for Faithful Service in the Rank of Grand Cross\" in appreciation for his \"high professionalism, dedication to his mission ... and for his personal contribution to the strengthening of the Romanian-American partnership.\"  In April 2003, the National Gay and Lesbian Taskforce recognized him with a Leadership Award, which honors individuals who have made a significant difference in promoting equal rights for lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender people. In 2004, the Department of State awarded him the Charles E. Cobb, Jr. award for Initiative and Success in Trade Development due to his leadership in increasing trade between the U.S. and Romania.  In June 2006, the American Foreign Service Association awarded him the Christian Herter Award for Constructive Dissent, for his advocacy on behalf of equality for State Department gay and lesbian employees.On December 4, 2007 the New York Times reported that Guest had retired from the State Department, where he most recently served as a dean at the Department's Foreign Service Institute.  At his retirement ceremony in the Treaty Room, Guest publicly criticized Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on the issue of discrimination against gay employees and specifically the benefits denied to same-sex partners of department employees. He remarked, \"I've felt compelled to choose between obligations to my partner — who is my family — and service to my country. That anyone should have to make that choice is a stain on the Secretary's leadership and a shame for this institution and our country.\"On December 5, 2008, the Associated Press reported that Guest had been selected as a member of President-elect Barack Obama's transition team at the State Department.Also in 2008, Guest co-founded the Council for Global Equity (a coalition of human rights and LGBT advocacy organizations seeking U.S. support for LGBT-fair policies abroad), for which he is a senior adviser.Guest was a co-author of the Dallas Principles."@en .corpus37.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Klans_of_America> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Imperial Klans of America, Knights of the Ku Klux Klan is a white supremacist organization styled after the original Ku Klux Klan (KKK). In 2008, it was reported that the IKA had the nation's second largest KKK membership.The IKA, headed by Ron Edwards, claims to be the sixth era of the Ku Klux Klan. Members of the 6th era, like members of  previous eras, claim constitutional rights as part of the \"Unorganized Militia\". The IKA claims to stand upon Supreme Court decisions in favor of previous Klans. They are headquartered near Dawson Springs, Kentucky and claim external Imperial Klan offices in Australia, Canada, England, Scotland, South Africa, South America, and throughout Europe.The IKA was featured on National Geographic's \"Inside American Terror\" in 2008 and The History Channel's Gangland in 2009.In 2011, a recurring hoax concerning the IKA endorsing Barack Obama was once again exposed as a farce based on a parody website's humorous reporting. In fact, in 2008, Ron Edwards was quoted as supporting John McCain."@en .corpus37.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Kaine> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Timothy Michael \"Tim\" Kaine (born February 26, 1958) is an American politician currently serving as the junior United States Senator from Virginia. A member of the Democratic Party, Kaine was first elected to the Senate in 2012.Born in Saint Paul, Minnesota, Kaine is a graduate of Harvard Law School. Kaine began his career as a clerk for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit before entering private practice and becoming a lecturer at the University of Richmond School of Law. Kaine was first elected to public office in 1995, when he won a seat on the Richmond, Virginia City Council. He was then elected Mayor of Richmond, Virginia in 1998, serving in that position until being elected Lieutenant Governor of Virginia in 2002.In 2005, after incumbent Democratic Governor Mark Warner was term limited, Kaine declared his candidacy for Governor of Virginia. Kaine won in an uncontested Democratic primary, and faced Republican Attorney General Jerry Kilgore in the general election; Kaine won with 51% of the vote, to Kilgore's 46%. Kaine served as Governor from 2006 to 2010. Upon becoming Governor, Kaine gave the Democratic response to the 2006 State of the Union Address. He was considered a top contender for running mate in Senator Barack Obama's successful 2008 presidential campaign, but instead became the 51st Chairman of the Democratic National Committee, serving from 2009 to 2011.In 2012, after incumbent Senator Jim Webb announced that he would retire, Kaine declared his candidacy for the U.S. Senate. Kaine prevailed in the Democratic primary and faced former Senator and Virginia Governor George Allen in the general election. On November 6, 2012, Kaine won with 53% of the vote, to Allen's 47%. Kaine was sworn into office on January 3, 2013."@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Gilbert> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joel Gilbert (born April 15, 1964) is an American documentary filmmaker and musician.He is known for his Bob Dylan tribute band and for his documentaries on that musician, as well the mockumentaries Paul McCartney Really Is Dead: The Last Testament of George Harrison (2010) and Elvis Found Alive (2012). His most recent project is a film called There's No Place Like Utopia, which looks at how the liberal policies of president Barack Obama, as well as that of long-time Democrat-controlled cities (Detroit, Chicago, Denver, New York, Miami, Los Angeles, etc.) have affected America as a whole. Gilbert is the CEO of his film production company Highway 61 Entertainment, which is located in Thousand Oaks, California. Its name is derived from Dylan's iconic album Highway 61 Revisited. It was founded in 2005."@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/GloZell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "GloZell Lynette Simon (née Green, born July 30, 1962) is an American comedian and YouTube personality based in Hollywood, California.Green established her YouTube channel in 2008, with video interviews, comedy about her life and song parodies.  As of August 2014, the channel had accumulated more than three million subscribers and more than 500 million total views. By the same month, six of her individual videos had each been viewed more than 10 million times, such as her \"My Push up Bra will help me get my man\" video (23 million views) and her cinnamon challenge video (40 million views). She gained wide notice when her vlog about meeting Elijah Wood was mentioned by the actor during a 2011 interview on Jimmy Kimmel Live!.  In 2012, she appeared in the web series Dr. Fubalous. In January 2015 GloZell interviewed Barack Obama in a YouTube livestream hosted at The White House."@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Jihad> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Atomic Jihad: Ahmadinejad's Coming War For Islamic Revival And Obama's Politics (usually shortened to Atomic Jihad) is a 2010 political documentary film directed, written and produced by Joel Gilbert, narrated by Lance Lewman and starring Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Barack Obama."@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_vs_Mitt_Romney> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama vs. Mitt Romney is a song, music video, and the eighth episode of the second season of the YouTube humor video series Epic Rap Battles of History. The music video was released on October 15, 2012, in preparation for the 2012 US Presidential election."@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Houdini> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Project Houdini is a computer program used by the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign of Barack Obama. Although it originally had missteps, it has been credited with helping increase Democratic Party turnout over the 2004 election. It has been compared to ORCA, which failed under similar circumstances for the Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign."@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_J._Gruenberg> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Martin J. Gruenberg is the 20th Chairman of the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). He was appointed to the post for a five-year term by Barack Obama.  His appointment was confirmed by the United States Senate on November 15, 2012.Gruenberg has served on the FDIC Board of Directors since August 22, 2005.  He served as Acting Chairman from November 16, 2005, to June 26, 2006, and again from July 9, 2011, to November 15, 2012.Before joining the FDIC Board, Gruenberg served as Senior Counsel to Senator Paul S. Sarbanes (D-MD) on the staff of the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs from 1993 to 2005.  He also served as Staff Director of the Banking Committee's Subcommittee on International Finance and Monetary Policy from 1987 to 1992.  Gruenberg served as Chairman of the Executive Council and President of the International Association of Deposit Insurers from November 2007 to November 2012.Gruenberg holds a J.D. from Case Western Reserve University School of Law and an A.B. from Princeton University, Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs."@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaal_Rolle> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jamaal Rolle, also known as \"The Celebrity Artist\" is an award-winning Bahamian visual artist known for his portrait depictions of famous political, entertainment, and sports figures. Rolle has received wide attention and critical acclaim for his depictions of notable people ranging from U.S. President Barack Obama, and Prince Harry, to entertainers Sir Sidney Poitier, Oprah Winfrey, Johnny Depp, and Michael Jackson."@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_D’Antuono> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael D'Antuono is an American contemporary artist whose provocative paintings focus primarily on socio-political issues. He is best known for his controversial portrait of U.S. President Barack Obama crucified in front of the Presidential seal entitled \"The Truth,\" which twice became a U.S. and international news story. His art’s ability to drive a conservative human crazy with naked provocation and outrageous fabrication has been compared to that of Picasso, Robert Mapplethorpe, and Banksy. The UK publication The American called him \"one of the world's most controversial artists.\""@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_the_presidency_of_Barack_Obama_(2013)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a timeline of the Presidency of Barack Obama, from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013. For his time as President-elect, see the Presidential transition of Barack Obama; for a detailed account of his first months in office, see First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency; for a complete itinerary of his travels, see List of presidential trips made by Barack Obama."@en .corpus370.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Taxpayer_Relief_Act_of_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (Pub.L. 112–240, H.R. 8, 126 Stat. 2313, enacted January 2, 2013) was passed by the United States Congress on January 1, 2013, and was signed into law by President Barack Obama the next day.The Act centers on a partial resolution to the United States fiscal cliff by addressing the expiration of certain provisions of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 and the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 (known together as the \"Bush tax cuts\"), which had been temporarily extended by the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010.  The Act also addressed the activation of the budget sequestration provisions of the Budget Control Act of 2011.  A compromise measure, the Act gives permanence to the lower rate of much of the Bush tax cuts, while retaining the higher tax rate at upper income levels that became effective on January 1 as a result of the expiration of the Bush tax cuts. The Act also establishes caps on tax deductions and credits for those at upper income levels. It does not tackle federal spending levels to a great extent, rather leaving that for further negotiations and legislation. The American Taxpayer Relief Act passed by a wide majority in the Senate, with both Democrats and Republicans supporting it, while a majority of Republicans in the House opposed it."@en .corpus371.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_D._Levine> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeffrey D. Levine (born ca. 1954) was nominated by U.S. President Barack Obama to be the United States Ambassador to Estonia on February 17, 2012  and was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 29, 2012.  He presented his credentials to President of Estonia Toomas Hendrik Ilves on September 17, 2012.Levine was born ca 1954 and raised in California. Joining the Foreign Service in 1985, Jeff Levine is a member of the Senior Foreign Service with the rank of Minister Counselor.  At the time of his nomination, he had been the State Department’s director of Recruitment, Examination and Employment since September 2010.   Prior to this position, he served as Deputy Chief of Mission/Chargé d'Affaires at the U.S.  Embassy in Budapest, Hungary from 2007-2010. In addition to his assignment in Hungary, he served as Deputy Chief of Mission in Sofia, Bulgaria and has also been posted to Brasilia, Brazil; Nicosia, Cyprus; Alexandria, Egypt; Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and Lima, Peru.  At the United States Department of State, he served in the Operations Center, as desk officer for Hungary and as a special assistant to the Under Secretary for Management.  He has received numerous Department of State awards as well as the Golden Laurel Medal, presented by the Government of Bulgaria.  He has studied Spanish, Portuguese, Bulgarian and Hungarian and is currently taking Estonian lessons.Prior to joining the Department of State, Jeff Levine worked as a newspaper reporter for seven years and was a founding staff member of USA Today, one of the largest newspapers in the United States.  Growing up in the San Francisco Bay Area, he holds a Bachelor’s degree in journalism from California State University, Humboldt and a Master’s degree in Resource Strategy from the National Defense University in Washington D.C.Jeff Levine is married to Janie L. Keeler and has a son, Nick."@en .corpus371.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Romesha> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Clinton LaVor \"Clint\" Romesha (/'rɔʋməʃeɪ/; born August 1981) is a former United States Army staff sergeant. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Battle of Kamdesh in 2009 during the war in Afghanistan.Born into a family with a strong military background, Romesha joined the U.S. Army in 1999, and was posted at various times in Germany, South Korea and Colorado. Trained as  an M1 Abrams tank crewman, Romesha had seen four deployments, including to Kosovo, Iraq twice, and Afghanistan. On 3 October 2009, he was assigned to the 3rd Squadron, 61st Cavalry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, deployed to Combat Outpost Keating in eastern Afghanistan. When a force of 300 Taliban insurgents attacked the base, Romesha was credited with rallying his comrades and leading the counterattack, directing close air support and providing suppressive fire to help the wounded to an aid station. Despite being wounded, Romesha continued to fight through the 12-hour battle.Romesha left the Army in 2011 to spend more time with his family. He later took a job in the oil industry in North Dakota. On 11 February 2013, he received the Medal of Honor from President Barack Obama."@en .corpus371.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Kennedy_Smith> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jean Ann Kennedy Smith (born February 20, 1928) is an American diplomat and a former United States Ambassador to Ireland. She is the eighth of nine children born to Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. and Rose Fitzgerald and is their last surviving child. Her siblings include President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, longtime Senator Ted Kennedy, and Special Olympics founder Eunice Kennedy Shriver.Smith is the founder of Very Special Arts (VSA), an internationally recognized non-profit dedicated to creating a society where those with disabilities can engage with the arts. In 2011, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, by President Barack Obama for her work with VSA and the disabled.As Ambassador to Ireland from 1993-1998, Smith was instrumental to the Northern Ireland peace process as President Bill Clinton's representative in Dublin. She successfully advocated for the U.S. government to grant a visa to Sinn Féin President Gerry Adams which directly led to the IRA declaring a ceasefire in 1994. Irish President Mary McAleese conferred honorary Irish citizenship on Smith in 1998 in recognition of her service to the country."@en .corpus371.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2013_State_of_the_Union_Address> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2013 State of the Union Address was a speech given by President Barack Obama on Tuesday, February 12, 2013, in the chamber of the United States House of Representatives, at 9 PM EST. It was simulcast online by the White House website as an \"enhanced version\" with accompanying graphics for key points of the address."@en .corpus371.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Ortiz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carmen Milagros Ortiz (born January 5, 1956) is the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts.In 2009, she was nominated to the position by President Barack Obama. Ortiz is both the first woman and the first Hispanic to serve as U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts. She succeeded Michael Sullivan in that position, with Michael J. Loucks serving as the interim U.S. Attorney between Sullivan's resignation and Ortiz's confirmation.  Noteworthy prosecutions by her office include those of Whitey Bulger, Tarek Mehanna, Aaron Swartz, and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev."@en .corpus371.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kennedy_Airlifts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Kennedy Airlifts occurred in 1959 and 1960 and saw hundreds of east Africans get scholarships to study in the US. They were arranged by Tom Mboya and former American president John F. Kennedy.Barack Obama, Sr. was a beneficiary of the airlifts."@en .corpus371.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Françoise_Nielly> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Françoise Nielly is a French knife-painter who is famous for painting vibrant and colourful closeup portraits of people such as Barack Obama. She was born in Marseille, brought up near Cannes and Saint-Tropez and is now living in Paris."@en .corpus372.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organizing_for_Action> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Organizing for Action (OFA) is a nonprofit social welfare organization and community organizing project that advocates for the agenda of U.S. President Barack Obama. The organization is officially non-partisan, but its agenda and policies are strongly allied with the Democratic Party. It is the successor of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign and of Organizing for America, which itself succeeded Obama's 2008 campaign.Founded after President Obama's re-election, the group seeks to mobilize supporters in favor of Obama's legislative priorities. OFA is registered as a 501(c)(4) organization, which may advocate for legislation but is prohibited from specifically supporting political candidates. OFA is organized as a grassroots organization, with local chapters that decide issues around which to organize."@en .corpus372.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brotman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles J. \"Charlie\" Brotman (born December 30, 1928) is an American public relations specialist and public address announcer, known for his presentation of U.S. presidential inaugural parades.Brotman has been behind the microphone for every inaugural parade in Washington, DC, since 1957, when Dwight D. Eisenhower was sworn in for his second term. Barack Obama's second inauguration in 2013 was the 15th consecutive ceremony that Brotman has announced, and his 16th overall.Prior to taking on his inaugural duties, Brotman had been the stadium announcer at Griffith Stadium, home of the Washington Senators baseball team. Brotman noted that on Opening Day 1956, Eisenhower was at the ballpark to throw out the ceremonial first pitch. Later that year, a White House staffer called Brotman and said Eisenhower was impressed with his work, and he wanted Brotman for the inauguration.The staffer asked Brotman, \"Will you charge a fee? Because our parade budget is very minimal.\" Brotman responded, \"No, as a matter of fact, to be honest, I'd pay you for the honor.\"During the presidency of George W. Bush, Brotman also served as the announcer at tee ball games on the South Lawn of the White House.Brotman, the son of Russian immigrants, grew up in northeast Washington, DC, graduated from McKinley Technology High School and studied at the University of Maryland. He served in the U.S. Navy from 1946 to 1948, then attended the National Academy of Broadcasting. Brotman was one of the academy's students selected by the organizers of Harry S. Truman's inauguration in 1949 to broadcast the first-ever televised inaugural ceremony.Following his graduation from the academy, Brotman worked as a disc jockey and sports announcer in Orlando, Florida. A 1956 meeting with Senators' owner Calvin Griffith led to him returning to his hometown of Washington to take the Senators announcing assignment. He later became the team's promotions director as well.In the 1960s, Brotman started his own public relations firm, Brotman|Winter|Fried, specializing in sports promotions. (His firm was acquired by Sage Communications in 2011.) He continued to announce on Opening Day for the Senators each year until the team moved to Texas following the 1971 season. When the Washington Nationals relocated to the city in 2005, Brotman returned to his Opening Day duties."@en .corpus372.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Today> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"One Today\" is a poem by Richard Blanco first recited at the second inauguration of Barack Obama, making Blanco the fifth poet to read during a United States presidential inauguration.  \"One Today\" was called \"a fine example of public poetry, in keeping with Blanco’s other work: Loose, open lines of mostly conversational verse, a flexible iambic pentameter stanza form.\" by Ken Tucker in Entertainment Weekly."@en .corpus372.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepwater_Horizon_Oil_Spill_Trust> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill Trust is the $20 billion trust fund established by BP to settle claims arising from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.  The fund was established to be used for natural resource damages, state and local response costs and individual compensation.  It was established as Gulf Coast Claims Facility (GCCF), announced on 16 June 2010 after meeting of BP executives with U.S. President Barack Obama.  In June 2012, the settlement of claims through the GCCF was replaced by the court supervised settlement program."@en .corpus372.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ro_Khanna> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rohit \"Ro\" Khanna (born September 13, 1976) is an American teacher, lawyer and politician. He served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary in the United States Department of Commerce under President Barack Obama. Khanna is a member of the Democratic Party and was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States House of Representatives in California's 17th congressional district in 2014."@en .corpus373.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_L._Carden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Lee Carden is an American lawyer and diplomat who is the former United States Representative to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (“ASEAN”) with the rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary. He was nominated by President Barack Obama in November 2010 and confirmed by the U.S. Senate in March, 2011. He resigned his post in December 2013. Carden is currently a partner at Jones Day, an international law firm, where he is the Partner in Charge of the firm's Asian offices and practices."@en .corpus373.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_Kentucky> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Progress Kentucky is an independent expenditure PAC opposing the re-election of Mitch McConnell. The SuperPAC was formed in December 2012. Progress Kentucky's slogan is a play on Senator Mitch McConnell's 2010 statement setting the Republican Party's agenda for last two years of the first term of President Barack Obama: '\"The single most important thing we want to achieve: Electing a new US Senator to represent Kentucky.\"Progress Kentucky was founded by Kentuckians in order to collect and spend money from donors on traditional media, new media, as well as organizing a grassroots ground game which includes direct actions.As per FEC rules established in the wake of the Citizens United Supreme Court decision, the group is legally prohibited from coordinating with any candidate or candidate committee.On January 18, 2013, Progress Kentucky protested outside a McConnell speaking engagement at a Commerce Lexington luncheon, with the theme \"He's no fiscal cliff hero.\"In February 2013, Progress Kentucky drew criticism for tweets sent suggesting that the Senator Mitch McConnell's wife Elaine Chao's Chinese roots have led him to embrace anti-American policies.  Progress Kentucky later apologized for the claims.On April 11, 2013, WFPL, the NPR affiliate in Louisville, KY, announced that a Louisville area Democrat, Jacob Conway, alleged that two people affiliated with Kentucky Progress, Shawn Reilly & Curtis Morrison, recorded a strategy session of Senator Mitch McConnell (R) while standing in the hallway. Morrison, who had ceased volunteering for Progress Kentucky in February, took complete responsibility for making the recording in an essay he published in Salon the following month writing \"Shawn never wanted me to release the recording, and our friendship ended in the wake of that disagreement.\" On August 27, 2014, WHAS political blogger Joe Arnold said there is the appearance of no criminal charges being filed against Morrison."@en .corpus373.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_at_United_States_presidential_inaugurations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Starting with John F. Kennedy's inauguration in 1961, five United States presidential inauguration ceremonies have included a reading by a poet. The following poetry readings took place at presidential inaugurations:January 20, 1961 inaugural of John F. KennedyRobert Frost read his poem \"The Gift Outright\"January 20, 1993 inaugural of Bill ClintonMaya Angelou read her poem \"On the Pulse of Morning\"January 20, 1997 inaugural of Bill ClintonMiller Williams read his poem \"Of History and Hope\" January 20, 2009 inaugural of Barack ObamaElizabeth Alexander read her poem \"Praise Song for the Day\"January 21, 2013 inaugural of Barack ObamaRichard Blanco read his poem \"One Today\"↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus373.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Attorney_for_the_Eastern_District_of_Tennessee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee is the chief federal law enforcement officer in forty-one Tennessee counties. The U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee has jurisdiction over all cases prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney. Bill Killian, who was appointed by President Barack Obama in 2010, is the current U.S. Attorney for the District."@en .corpus373.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Green_of_Ohio_University> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The College Green of Ohio University is the university's central quadrangle lawn which saw the first academic buildings in the Northwest Territory. The green roughly sits aligned to the cardinal directions, with Manasseh Cutler Hall facing true north. The green, at the heart of the Athens campus, is surrounded by administrative, academic, and library buildings. For most of the nineteenth and twentieth century, it saw small memorials and wartime monuments dedicated in remembrance of the people involved in those centuries' great conflicts.President Lyndon Johnson's first ever public reference to the Great Society took place during a speech to students on May 7, 1964, on the College Green:And with your courage and with your compassion and your desire, we will build a Great Society. It is a Societywhere no child will go unfed, and no youngster will go unschooled.He later formally presented his specific goals for the Great Society in another speech at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor on May 22, 1964.Through the contemporary period, the green has hosted numerous visits from prominent Americans such as Sherrod Brown, Hillary Clinton, and Barack Obama. The College Green has been frequently referenced in Athens literature and music. Its gateway is used by the entering freshman class upon their official university convocation, and is also the site of the international promenade during the university's International Week. Buildings on the historic green are named for figures that played pivotal roles in Ohio University history:  Manasseh Cutler, Robert Wilson, William McGuffey, and Vernon Alden to name a few. The College Green has been the site of musical performances, protests, progressive movements, and patriotic displays. It is featured as the symbol of Ohio University on the official university logo, designed with the three central halls as the background. Most of the university student body passes through the green at some point in their time as a student because of the presence of the university registrar and bursar there. For almost all of its life, the College Green has welcomed tourists and visitors who want to see its prominent stature in Ohio and American history."@en .corpus373.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Barro> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joshua A. \"Josh\" Barro is an American opinion journalist who identifies as neoliberal and Republican. He is currently a domestic correspondent for The New York Times writing for its new venture \"The Upshot\" which focuses on politics and public policy.He has previously worked as a Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, as a real estate banker for Wells Fargo, as the lead writer for the Ticker, an economics and politics blog hosted by Bloomberg L.P., and as the politics editor at Business Insider. He has a bachelor's degree in psychology from Harvard.He appears regularly on Bloomberg Television and has appeared on Real Time with Bill Maher on HBO and on All In with Chris Hayes on MSNBC.  In early 2013, he was a prominent supporter of a potential trillion dollar coin, although by late 2013 he had changed his mind. Time named Barro's Twitter feed one of \"The 140 Best Twitter Feeds of 2013,\" one of ten in the Politics category.  In 2012, Forbes selected him as one of the \"30 Under 30\" media \"brightest stars under the age of 30,\" and David Brooks listed him as part of the \"vibrant and increasingly influential center-right conversation.\" A former aide of Barack Obama included Barro on a short list of President Obama's favorite columnists.Barro describes himself as Republican, but has expressed opposition to many policies of the current Republican Party. He has written that elites \"are usually elite for good reason, and have better judgment than the average person.\" He has been described by others as conservative, liberal, and libertarian.Barro lives in Queens, New York. He is gay and has written in support of same-sex marriage. Barro is also an atheist. His father is macroeconomist Robert Barro."@en .corpus373.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Jewell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sarah Margaret Roffey Jewell (born February 21, 1956) is a British-born American businesswoman and the 51st United States Secretary of the Interior, serving in the administration of President Barack Obama. She is the second woman to hold the position, after Gale Norton. The former president and CEO of REI, a Seattle-based retailer of outdoor gear, she studied as an engineer, and previously worked in the oil and banking industries."@en .corpus373.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_Hadiya_Pendleton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The death of Hadiya Pendleton occurred on January 29, 2013. Pendleton was a 15-year-old girl from Chicago, who was shot in the back and killed while standing with friends inside Harsh Park in Chicago after taking her final exams. A student at King College Prep High School, she was killed only one week after performing at events for President Barack Obama’s second inauguration.  First Lady Michelle Obama attended the funeral for Pendleton in Chicago. President Obama mentioned Pendleton's death in his 2013 State of the Union Address in Congress, where Pendleton's parents — Cleopatra Cowley-Pendleton and Nathaniel A. Pendleton Sr. — attended as guests. The crime scene is \"just a mile away from [President Obama's] Chicago house.\"Two suspects, Michael Ward, 18, and Kenneth Williams, 20, were arrested and indicted with multiple counts of first degree murder, attempted murder, aggravated discharge of a weapon and many other charges. They told police that Pendleton was not the intended target. The group she was standing with was mistaken for members of a rival gang. A judge denied bail for the two gang members.At the time of the shooting, Ward, the gunman, was on probation. In January 2012, he had pled guilty to aggravated unlawful use of a weapon, and was sentenced to two years of probation. Less than three months later, he was arrested and charged with breaking into a car. In July 2012, he was arrested for breaking into a different vehicle. In November 2012, he was arrested for misdemeanor trespassing. During his youth, he had also been arrested numerous times on charges ranging from robbery to battery to marijuana possession, and had spent time on juvenile probation."@en .corpus373.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_at_the_2014_Winter_Olympics> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, from February 7 to 23, 2014. Team USA consisted of 230 athletes competing in all 15 sports.After winning an Olympic record 37 medals at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, the United States had a somewhat disappointing performance during these games.  Although the delegation ranked second in overall medals with 28, it ranked out of the top three in gold medals (with a total of nine) for the first time since Nagano in 1998 when it placed 6th in overall medals and 5th in gold medals.  In long track speedskating, the U.S. matched its medal-less results from 1984 and 1956. In figure skating, the U.S. won no medals in the men's or women's singles events for the first time since 1936.Conversely, at the Sanki Sliding Center, the United States won more medals (seven) than any other nation.  Steven Holcomb and Steven Langton won the first U.S. medal (a bronze) in two-man bobsled in 62 years, while Erin Hamlin earned the first singles luge medal ever for the United States (also bronze).  In skeleton, Noelle Pikus-Pace and Matthew Antoine won silver and bronze respectively, the first U.S. medals in that sport since 2002.  Overall, the U.S. won four medals in bobsled events, two in skeleton, and one in luge.Of the nine gold medals won by Team USA, seven were won by first-time Olympians.  In snowboarding, Sage Kotsenburg and Jamie Anderson won gold in the inaugural slopestyle events, and Kaitlyn Farrington won the women's halfpipe.  In freestyle skiing, Joss Christensen won the inaugural men's slopestyle, David Wise won men's halfpipe, and Maddie Bowman won women's halfpipe.  Eighteen-year-old alpine skier Mikaela Shiffrin won gold in the slalom in her Olympic debut.  Among returning Olympians, Meryl Davis and Charlie White won the first American gold in ice dancing, and Ted Ligety won gold in giant slalom becoming the first American man to win two Olympic golds in alpine skiing.  Fellow alpine skier Bode Miller, competing in his fifth winter games, became the oldest alpine medalist at age 36, winning bronze in the super-G.The 2014 Games marked the first time a U.S. Olympic team competed in Russia, as the United States and 64 western countries did not take part in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow due to the Soviet war in Afghanistan. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden did not attend the 2014 Winter Olympics.  American nordic combined skier Todd Lodwick was the flag bearer of Team USA for the Parade of Nations during the opening ceremony.  Four-time ice hockey Olympian Julie Chu was the flag bearer during the closing ceremonies."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixcloud> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mixcloud is an online music streaming service that allows for the listening and distribution of radio shows, DJ mixes and podcasts, which are crowdsourced by its registered users. Its notable users include Wired, Harvard Business School, TED Talks, and Barack Obama. Mixcloud was originally funded by its founders only and continues to be owned solely by its team."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2013_Hattiesburg,_Mississippi_tornado> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2013 Hattiesburg, Mississippi tornado was a large and violent EF4 multiple-vortex wedge tornado that devastated portions of West Hattiesburg, Hattiesburg, and Petal, Mississippi, as well as surrounding locations on  Sunday, February 10, 2013. It was one of eight tornadoes that touched down in southern Mississippi and southwestern Alabama that day. The tornado reached a maximum path width of 0.75 mi (1.21 km) during its path through the Hattiesburg area and reached estimated maximum sustained winds of 170 mph (270 km/h) in the Oak Grove community of West Hattiesburg. It destroyed many structures and impacted University of Southern Mississippi and two high schools: Oak Grove High School and Hattiesburg High School. Mississippi was declared a federal disaster area by President Barack Obama, and a state of emergency was issued by Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Lacey> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dan Lacey is an American painter, whose work commonly features icons and figures from popular culture, politics, and Internet Memes. His work has been widely featured in print news, social media  and television shows. Barack Obama has been the subject of many of his pieces."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_on_Climate> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Forward on Climate rally was held at the National Mall in Washington, D.C. on February 17, 2013. The goal of the demonstration was to spur President Barack Obama and Congress to take more action to address climate change. Opposition to the proposed expansion of the Keystone XL Pipeline, that was still pending at the time, was a particular focus of the rally. Among the speakers were Sierra Club Director Michael Brune, U.S. Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, actress and activist Rosario Dawson, 350.org founder Bill McKibben, and Obama’s former Special Advisor for Green Jobs Van Jones. Participants marched from the National Mall to the White House. Attendance was estimated at 35,000 (estimates ranged from 10,000 by a police officer to 50,000 by 350.org), and was thought to have been the largest climate rally in American history.The rally was arranged by the Sierra Club, the Hip Hop Caucus, 350.org, and other organizations."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trademark_look> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Trademark look or signature look is an informal term for the characteristic clothes or other distinguishing signs used by a certain character or performer, making the person more recognizable by the audience. Politicians may also have trademark signs, like the suit of American President Barack Obama or the Merkel-Raute of German Chancellor Angela Merkel. It can also refer to the clothes of a certain subculture.Sometimes, when a celebrity stops using a trademark look, people might even find it hard to recognise them.The term is not used in trademark law and a trademark look is not necessarily trademark protected in itself."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Monaco> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lisa Oudens Monaco (born February 25, 1968) is an American federal prosecutor who currently serves as the United States Homeland Security Advisor to President Barack Obama; the chief counterterrorism advisor to the President, and a statutory member of the United States Homeland Security Council.Monaco previously served as the Assistant Attorney General for National Security from 2011 to 2013, and as the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Justice Department."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_McCarthy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Regina \"Gina\" McCarthy is an American public administrator and an environmental health and air quality expert, currently administrator for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. On March 4, 2013, President Barack Obama nominated McCarthy to replace Lisa Jackson as head of the EPA. Confirmation hearings started April 11, 2013. On July 18, 2013 she was confirmed after a record 136-day confirmation fight, becoming the face of Obama's global warming/climate change initiative."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte_–_Glenn_Community_College_District> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Butte–Glenn Community College District  is a public school district based in Butte County, CA, United States. On May 1, 2014, Butte-Glenn Community College District was named one of fifty five higher education institutions under investigation by the Office of Civil Rights “for possible violations of federal law over the handling of sexual violence and harassment complaints” by Barack Obama's White House Task Force To Protect Students from Sexual Assault."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Moniz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ernest Jeffrey Moniz (born December 22, 1944) is an American nuclear physicist and the current  United States Secretary of Energy, serving under U.S. President Barack Obama since May 2013. He previously served as the Associate Director for Science in the Office of Science and Technology Policy in the Executive Office of the President of the United States from 1995 to 1997 and in the United States Department of Energy, serving as Under Secretary of Energy, from 1997 to 2001 during the Clinton Administration.  Moniz is one of the founding members of The Cyprus Institute and the Cecil and Ida Green Professor of Physics and Engineering Systems, Director of the Energy Initiative, and Director of the Laboratory for Energy and the Environment at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.On March 4, 2013, Moniz was nominated by President Barack Obama to replace outgoing Energy Secretary Steven Chu for his second term.  His appointment was confirmed by the Senate in a unanimous vote on May 16, 2013."@en .corpus374.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_Soldiers_Protection_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Child Soldier Prevention Act (CSPA) is a United States federal statute signed into law by President George W. Bush on 3 October 2008. The law criminalizes leading a military force which recruits child soldiers. The law's definition of child soldiers includes \"any person under 18 years of age who takes a direct part in hostilities as a member of governmental armed forces.\"The law was also intended to prevent arms trade by the United States with suspected countries, although the president may waive this rule in the national interest. President Barack Obama most recently waived the application of this rule on 28 September 2013 to Chad, South Sudan, Yemen, Somaila, and Democratic Republic of the Congo."@en .corpus375.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Morgan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nick Morgan (born Nicholas H. Morgan in 1953) is an American speaking coach and author.Morgan received his A.B. in English literature from Princeton University in 1976, and his M.A. and Ph.D. in English literature and rhetoric at the University of Virginia in 1977 and 1981, respectively. He taught Shakespeare and Public Speaking at the University of Virginia and Princeton University. At University of Virginia, he also served as Assistant Vice President and Provost. He first started writing speeches for Virginia Governor Charles S. Robb and went on to found his own communications consulting organization, Public Words, in 1997.Individual clients include former Yahoo! executive and author Tim Sanders, mountaineer Susan Ershler, Emmy Award-winning talk show host Montel Williams, reality TV star Les Gold (Hardcore Pawn), and online marketing strategist David Meerman Scott. Corporate clients include IBM, Kaiser Permanente, and Royal Dutch Shell.He has written hundreds of articles for local and national publications, including Forbes.Harvard Business Review cited his article How to Become an Authentic Speaker as one of ten \"must read\" articles on communication.Morgan is an expert in non-verbal communications skills for public speakers, and has coached and written extensively on this topic. His interest in body language was particularly fueled by three life events at age 17: \"First, I read a book about the Dalai Lama ...  Second, I learned my father was gay.  And third, I died.\"His expertise encompasses not only traditional in-person meetings and presentations, but also the increasingly common virtual-world meetings using teleconferencing.He is frequently asked to critique speeches by celebrities such as the campaign speeches of Barack Obama and the first official speech of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge.As well as leading Public Words, he served as editor of the Harvard Management Communication Letter from 1998 to 2003. Morgan is a former Fellow at the Center for Public Leadership at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government."@en .corpus375.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embassy_of_the_United_States,_Copenhagen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Embassy of the United States to Denmark is the diplomatic mission of the United States in Denmark. The building is located on Dag Hammarskjölds Allé, in Indre By, Copenhagen, and it was opened in May 1954. The post of U.S. Ambassador to Denmark is currently held by Rufus Gifford, the former finance director of President Barack Obama's re-election campaign. The embassy also oversees American interests in Greenland."@en .corpus375.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_reactions_to_the_2013_North_Korean_nuclear_test> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "International reactions to the 2013 North Korean nuclear test were nearly unanimous in their condemnation and denunciation of the test. 23x15px Australia – The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard said \"The Australian Government condemns in the strongest possible terms nuclear testing by North Korea\" in a statement. The Australian Government also postponed a visit by North Korean diplomats to Australia which was related to establishing a North Korean embassy in Canberra.  23x15px Canada – Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs John Baird issued a statement expressing that \"The North Korean regime’s reckless disregard for the global will is again on display. This test—North Korea’s third—is provocative and marks a serious, misguided threat to regional peace and security.\" 23x15px China – The Foreign Minister of the People's Republic of China Yang Jiechi said that China \"resolutely\" opposes the latest nuclear test conducted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The North Korean ambassador to China, Ji Jae Ryong, was personally informed of this position on 12 February 2013 in a meeting with Yang Jiechi.  23x15px France – French President François Hollande strongly condemned the test and said he would work with its United Nations Security Council partners on a firm response. 23x15px Germany – German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle strongly condemned the test and said the international community should consider further sanctions against North Korea. 23x15px India – India's Ministry of External Affairs spokesman, called upon North Korea to \"refrain from such actions which adversely impact on peace and stability in region\". 23x15px Iran – Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast stated after the nuclear test that all nuclear weapons should be \"destroyed\". However, it has been reported that Iran had a senior representative monitoring the nuclear test. 23x15px Israel – The Israeli Foreign Ministry stated that \"These actions by the DPRK (Democratic People's Republic of Korea), in violation of its international obligations, must be met with a swift response by the international community. A clear message must be sent to DPRK and to other countries that such activities are unacceptable and cannot be tolerated.\" 23x15px Italy – Italian Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi strongly condemned saying that the test threatens regional stability and global security, and he also added that Italy with the United Nations will take action against any North Korean nuclear plan.23x15px Japan – The Prime Minister of Japan Shinzō Abe said the test was a \"grave threat\" that could not be tolerated.23x15px Mexico – The Mexican Secretariat of Foreign Affairs condemned North Korea's nuclear test, and considered that \"[it] goes against the efforts of the international community to foment dialogue, trust, and cooperation\". 23x15px Norway – Norway's Foreign Minister Espen Barth Eide states: \"We strongly condemn this nuclear test. This is a serious escalation in a tense region and we urge North Korea to stop with their nuclear testing,\" adding that he fears that North Korea will step up their nuclear programme.23x15px Pakistan – In an official press release by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Pakistan condemned the North Korean nuclear test and stated that \"Pakistan regrets that the Government of DPRK has conducted underground nuclear test.\" In a short press official release, Pakistan stated that \"it supports a nuclear weapons free Korean Peninsula as agreed by all parties in the Framework Agreement of 1994 and reaffirms its support for the Six-Party Talks process.\"23x15px Philippines – The Department of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines stated that \"The Philippines condemns the nuclear test carried out by the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK).\" It also added that \"the nuclear test by the DPRK clearly violates UN Security Council Resolutions 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006) and 1874 (2009) which demanded that the DPRK not conduct any further nuclear tests.\" 23x15px Romania – The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Romania strongly condemned North Korea's \"persistent lack of cooperation\" with the International Atomic Energy Agency and called for Pyongyang to comply with the UNSC resolutions and \"return to the Six-Party Talks [...] without preconditions\". 23x15px Russia – Russia \"decisively condemned\" the nuclear test calling it a violation of North Korea's international obligations. Head of the Russian Federal Service for Supervision of Consumer Rights Protection and Human Welfare Gennady Onishchenko confirmed that the nuclear test conducted by North Korea did not increase radiation levels in Russia. State Duma Defense Committee Deputy Chairman Franz Klintsevich has urged economic sanctions against North Korea to be imposed by the UN Security Council. He emphasized that North Korea issued an early test notification to South Korea and Japan but did not do the same for Russia although the two states had a common border. 23x15px Taiwan – The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of China condemned the \"provocative\" nuclear test and reiterated its stances on a nuclear-free Eastern Asia. 23x15px Turkey – The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey stated that, Turkey is gravely concerned to learn that Democratic People's Republic of Korea made an underground nuclear test. This development is a clear violation of United Nations Security Council resolutions 1718, 1874 and 2087. Also Ankara regards this test as a threat to efforts towards international peace and security, and strongly condemns it. 23x15px United Kingdom – British Foreign Secretary William Hague said: \"North Korea's development of its nuclear and ballistic missile capabilities poses a threat to international and regional security. Its repeated provocations only serve to increase regional tension, and hinder the prospects for lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula.\" 23x15px United States – The President of the United States Barack Obama called the test \"highly provocative\", and said that it \"undermines regional stability\". He vowed actions to defend the U.S. and its allies. The United States sent aircraft equipped with sensors that may be able to determine whether it was a plutonium or uranium weapon.↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ 4.0 4.1 ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ 17.0 17.1 ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑"@en .corpus375.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_M._Gallagher> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Daniel M. Gallagher has served as a Commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) since November 7, 2011.  Gallagher was appointed to the SEC by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus375.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_S._O'Neal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Adrienne S. O'Neal is the United States Ambassador to Cape Verde. One June 24, 2011, O'Neal was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve as Ambassador and was then confirmed by the United States Senate on October 18, 2011. O'Neal presented her credentials to Cape Verde's president, Jorge Carlos Fonseca, on December 9, 2011."@en .corpus375.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_B._Whatley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Stephen Beckett Whatley (born July 22, 1965 in London, England) is an English painter. He specializes in expressionistic oil paintings. His subjects include city scapes, landscapes, architecture, still life, portraits and Christian works.Since 1992, Whatley has been honoring the anniversaries of architectural landmarks in London by painting them in their centenary years. He typically paints them on location. Landmarks he has painted include Bush House - former home of the BBC World Service, Broadcasting House, BBC Television Centre and the Tate Gallery, Tate Britain, Tate Modern, and Tower Bridge.Since the year 2000, Whatley's Christian faith (he was born Anglican and converted to Roman Catholicism in 2011) has inspired him to paint numerous tributes to Catholic devotions.In December 2008 TIME magazine editors selected his portrait tribute of Barack Obama from 100,000 images on the photography site Flickr.com for publication. It was published  in TIME magazine's 'Person of The Year' issue 2008/2009. The portrait is now in the private collection of an American property developer living in London."@en .corpus376.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_News_Service> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chicago News Service is a broadcast news agency that provides Electronic news-gathering (ENG) services to domestic and international television networks. The agency also provides consultancy services to international networks assisting in setting up news bureauss in Chicago.  Chicago News Service, under its production division Skyline Media, has provided news coverage from important news events around the Midwest including President Barack Obama's election night celebration from Millennium Park on November 5, 2008.  The agency has also provides breaking news coverage including video. The agency while catering primarily to major television networks also maintains a local news division that captures local content and creates video archives."@en .corpus376.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Matoian> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Matoian (born 1949) is a businessman and television industry executive. He was a vice-president of the CBS Entertainment division. He later became the president of Entertainment at Fox Broadcasting in September 1995. In 1996 he became the president of HBO.He is a native of Fresno and is of Armenian descent.In the 2012 United States Presidential election, John Matoian had made $83,800 worth of contributions to Barack Obama's successful presidential campaign.He received both his B.A. and his J.D. from Duke University."@en .corpus376.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meryl_Frank> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Meryl Frank is an American politician and diplomat.Frank helped author status of women legislation for President William Clinton and New Jersey Governor Thomas Kean, in 1993 and 1989.  She was the mayor of Highland Park, New Jersey from 2000 to 2010.In 2009 President Barack Obama appointed Frank to represent the USA to the Fifth World Conference on Women.  In 2010 Obama appointed her Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women."@en .corpus376.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_for_American_Manufacturing> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Alliance for American Manufacturing or AAM is a non-profit, non-partisan partnership founded by America’s leading manufacturers and the United Steelworkers in 2007.  Among its missions is \"to explore common solutions to challenging public policy topics such as job creation, infrastructure investment, international trade, and global competitiveness.\"  The organizations motto is: \"The blueprint for the future was built by AAM.\"AAM maintains a Washington D.C. based lobby and research operation including a national field staff.  The organization works to promote strong Buy American provisions both federally and locally, advocates for fair trade and works to revitalize industry through a long-term national manufacturing strategy.  AAM conducts research, public education, advocacy, strategic communications, and coalition building around the issues affecting America’s manufacturing sector.On April 14, 2008 both Senator Barack Obama and Senator Hillary Clinton spoke to the AAM's national convention being held at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center in Pittsburgh."@en .corpus376.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_William_Sound_Regional_Citizens’_Advisory_Council> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Prince William Sound Regional Citizens’ Advisory Council is an independent non-profit organization based in Anchorage and Valdez, Alaska, whose mission is to promote the environmentally-safe operation of the Alyeska Pipeline’s Valdez Marine Terminal and associated oil tankers, and to inform the public of those activities.The Council was formed after the Exxon Valdez oil spill of 1989 by citizens of the region to provide a voice for communities affected by oil industry decisions in Prince William Sound, the Gulf of Alaska, and Cook Inlet. As part of a 1990 contract with the Alyeska Pipeline Service Company, the Council receives funding but remains absolutely independent from Alyeska as long as oil flows through the trans-Alaska pipeline.  Under the terms of its contract with Alyeska, the Council reviews, monitors, and comments on various aspects of the company's operations, namely: oil spill prevention and response plans, environmental protection capabilities, and actual and potential environmental impacts of terminal and tanker operations.The Council is mandated by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (OPA 90) which was passed after the Exxon Valdez spill to address oil spill prevention, response, and liability and compensation should spills occur. As part of a requirement of OPA 90 that Alyeska Pipeline Service Co. was to fund a citizens’ advisory group, the Council receives about $2.8 million in funding per year.  OPA 90 also ordered the phasing out of single-hull oil tankers, and that loaded single-hull tankers be escorted by at least two towing vessels as they travel through Prince William Sound.The PSWRCAC currently has nineteen board members  and fifteen staff members.A similar citizen’s council, the Cook Inlet Regional Citizens’ Advisory Council, was also created following the Exxon Valdez spill for the Cook Inlet region.In the years leading up to the Exxon Valdez disaster, safeguards against a spill were gradually decreased and emergency responses not adequately prepared. Nor was there any mechanism, other than public hearings by regulatory agencies, for citizens to advise the oil industry or otherwise speak directly on operations affecting their communities and livelihoods. Earlier attempts by Prince William Sound residents to give input to oil industry representatives were generally met with negative responses.In the decades since the spill and the formation of the PWSRCAC, there has been an evolution in vigilance and spill prevention in Prince William Sound. Though not solely responsible for introducing changes in legislation, by building coalitions of support among other organizations the Council helped promote new policy changes in state and federal legislation related to safeguards against oil spills such as regulating the escorting of tankers through Prince William Sound.  The Council has been appointed to a federal committee helping draft regulations for oil tanker preparedness and safety.  It has coordinated training programs for different fire teams (municipal and industrial) to respond in the event of a fire on a tanker and at the Valdez Marine Terminal   and involved local fisherman in the event of an oil spill response scenario. It promoted an ice detection radar project, which began in 2002 from Reef Island, monitoring ice flowing from Columbia Glacier (Alaska) into Prince William Sound tanker traffic lanes, and allowed for the ability to track ship movements in real time. The Council also initiated installing weather-reporting equipment in the Sound for ships leaving the area.The Council has been involved with environmental studies related to the finding of invasive species related to oil tanker traffic in the Sound and the impact of the oil spills on local ecosystems. The Council has also campaigned for controlling vapor emissions from the Valdez Marine Terminal and for limiting the use of chemical dispersants in oil spill cleanups.When BP’s Deepwater Horizon oil drilling rig exploded on April 20, 2010 and began to leak oil into the Gulf of Mexico, the PWSRCAC was kept very busy responding to calls for assistance and information. Following this spill President Barack Obama’s Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill Commission recommended establishing similar citizens’ councils there and in the Arctic. The PWSRCAC expressed its willingness to help establish similar councils."@en .corpus376.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_E._Campbell-Smith> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Patricia Elaine Campbell-Smith (born 1966) is a former Chief Special Master of the United States Court of Federal Claims and is currently a Judge on that court, concurrently serving as Chief Judge as of her designation as such on October 21, 2013 by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus376.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_L._McNulty> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David L. McNulty is a U.S. Marshall. He was nominated for full U.S. Senate confirmation to the office in 2011 by U.S. President Barack Obama upon recommendation of Senator Charles Schumer of New York. McNulty is the U.S. Marshall U.S. Marshalls Service for the Northern District of New York. A former Major and 33 year veteran with the New York State Police, McNulty there was Section Head of the Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI), where he commanded over 1300 police personnel. He joined the New York State Police as a trooper in 1978.  McNulty received his B.A. and M.A. from the University of Albany."@en .corpus376.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_del_Norte_National_Monument> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Rio Grande del Norte National Monument is an approximately 242,455-acre (98,118 ha) area of public lands in Taos County, New Mexico, proclaimed as a national monument on March 25, 2013 by President Barack Obama under the provisions of the Antiquities Act. It consists of the Rio Grande Gorge and surrounding lands, managed by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM).The monument includes two BLM recreation areas, a portion of the Rio Grande designated as a Wild and Scenic River, and the Red River Wild and Scenic River."@en .corpus377.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Tubman_Underground_Railroad_National_Monument> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Monument is an 11,750-acre (4,760 ha) National Park Service unit in the U.S. state of Maryland. It commemorates the life of former slave Harriet Tubman, who became an activist in the Underground Railroad prior to the American Civil War. The monument was created by President Barack Obama under the Antiquities Act on March 25, 2013."@en .corpus377.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_Islands_National_Monument> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "San Juan Islands National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located in the Puget Sound area in the state of Washington. The monument protects archaeological sites of the Coast Salish people, lighthouses and relics of early European American settlers in the Pacific Northwest, and biodiversity of the island life in the region. The monument was created from existing federal land by President Barack Obama on March 25, 2013 under the Antiquities Act."@en .corpus377.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2014_United_States_federal_budget> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2014 United States federal budget is the budget to fund government operations for the fiscal year (FY) 2014, which began on October 1, 2013 and ended on September 30, 2014. The original spending request was issued by President Barack Obama on April 10, 2013. The actual appropriations for fiscal year 2014 must be enacted by both houses of Congress before they can take effect, in accordance with the United States budget process.The fiscal year 2014 United States budget exists only as several competing drafts; no official budget has been approved. President Obama submitted the FY2014 budget proposal on April 10, 2013, two months past the February 4 legal deadline due to negotiations over the United States fiscal cliff and implementation of the sequester cuts mandated by the Budget Control Act of 2011.  The House of Representatives passed its proposal, H.Con.Res 25, prior to the submission of the President's budget proposal, as did the Senate (S.Con.Res 8).  The House and Senate budget resolutions were not expected to be reconciled as a final budget.  However, in early January of 2014 the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (H.R. 3547; 113th Congress) was passed by Congress and signed by the president.At the time the fiscal year 2014 budget was debated, budgeting issues were controversial. Government spending had recently been limited by an automatic sequestration process that resulted when Congress and President Obama failed to meet spending reduction targets set by the Budget Control Act of 2011. The House and Senate are currently controlled by different parties with different fiscal agendas."@en .corpus377.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer_Assurance_Provision> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Farmer Assurance Provision refers to Section 735 (formerly Section 733) of US H.R. 933, a bill that was passed by the Senate on March 20, 2013 and then signed into law as part of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013 by President Barack Obama on March 26, 2013. The provisions of this law remained in effect for six months, until the end of the fiscal year on September 30, 2013. The bill is commonly referred to as the “Monsanto Protection Act” by its critics."@en .corpus377.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_Democratic_Club_of_Upper_Manhattan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Barack Obama Democratic Club of Upper Manhattan is a reform-oriented political club in New York City focused on progressive activism and electing progressive candidates to local office.  The club serves the neighborhoods of Washington Heights, Inwood, and West Harlem/Hamilton Heights.The Obama Club was founded in 2009 by Mark Levine, a Democratic District Leader and Northern Manhattan political activist.  The group emerged from the grassroots network of Upper Manhattan volunteers which coalesced around the 2008 presidential campaign of Barack Obama.Since its founding the Obama club has become known for its ethnically diverse membership and its grassroots activism.  Issues the club has focused on include immigration, affordable housing, economic justice, and marriage equality.  Club volunteers have helped elect  a variety of progressive local candidates, including Public Advocate Bill de Blasio, Sen. Adriano Espaillat, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, Comptroller John Liu, and Assm. Gabriela Rosa."@en .corpus377.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_H._Tueller> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ambassador Matthew H. Tueller  is an American diplomat who currently serves as the United States Ambassador to Yemen.Matthew H. Tueller arrived in Kuwait on September 23, 2011. He was nominated as the U.S. Ambassador to Kuwait by President Barack Obama on May 4, 2011. His nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on June 30, 2011, and he was sworn in by Deputy Secretary of State William J. Burns on September 8.Matthew H. Tueller, of the State of Utah, is a career member of the Senior Foreign Service and his other overseas assignments have included Deputy Chief of Mission at Embassy Cairo; Political Minister Counselor at Embassy Baghdad; Deputy Chief of Mission at Embassy Kuwait; Political Counselor at Embassy Riyadh; Chief of the U.S. Office in Aden, Yemen; Deputy Chief of Mission at Embassy Doha; Political Officer at Embassy London; and Political Officer and Consular Officer at Embassy Amman. His Washington assignments have included Deputy Director in the Office of Northern Gulf Affairs and Egypt Desk Officer.Ambassador Tueller holds a B.A. from Brigham Young University and a M.P.P. from Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government. Mr. Tueller is an active member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons)."@en .corpus377.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Margolis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jim Margolis (born April 30, 1955) is a political consultant and communications executive based in Washington, D.C. He served as a Senior Advisor to Barack Obama in both his 2008 and 2012 campaigns for the White House, taking a lead role in each cycle’s half-billion dollar advertising effort and helping direct the campaign as a member of the core strategic team. He also served as co-producer of Mr. Obama’s two presidential inaugurals and Mr. Obama’s two national nominating conventions (Denver, 2008; Charlotte, 2012). Margolis is a senior partner at GMMB, Inc., a strategic communications firm and advertising agency known for its work with political leaders, nonprofits and corporations. Previously he served as chief of staff to US Senator Kent Conrad (D-ND), chief of staff to US Congressman Howard Wolpe (D-MI), and Deputy Director of Communications for Vice President Walter Mondale’s presidential campaign."@en .corpus377.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Morrison> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Trevor Morrison is the dean of the New York University School of Law.He was previously a professor at Columbia Law School and an associate counsel to U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus378.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_Sandell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Clayton Sandell is an American journalist and ABC News correspondent based in Denver, Colorado.Sandell joined ABC News in 2000 and has been based in Denver since July 2009, previously working as a producer in the network's Washington, D.C. bureau. In 2010, he won a national Emmy award as part of the ABC News team covering the inauguration of President Barack Obama.In 2014, Sandell spent several weeks overseas covering the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 from Malaysia and Australia.From his home base in Denver, Sandell files for all ABC News broadcasts, including \"Good Morning America\", \"World News Tonight with David Muir\", \"This Week\" and \"Nightline\".  He is also a frequent contributor to ABC News Radio and ABC News dotcom.Prior to ABC, Sandell worked as a radio reporter covering the Riverside-San Bernardino region for Los Angeles news radio station KFWB.  He was also a producer at Finley Holiday Films in Whittier California, writing and editing award-winning space and science documentaries.Sandell grew up in Riverside California, graduating from John W. North High School and the University of California, Riverside with a degree in political science.  His first professional broadcasting job was working as a disc jockey at KRTM radio in Temecula, California later joining KCKC radio (now KTDD) in San Bernardino as a reporter and anchor."@en .corpus378.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Binney_(U.S._intelligence_official)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Edward Binney is a former highly placed intelligence official with the United States National Security Agency (NSA) turned whistleblower who resigned on October 31, 2001, after more than 30 years with the agency. He was a high-profile critic of his former employers during the George W. Bush administration.Binney continues to speak out during Barack Obama's presidency about the NSA's data collection policies, and continues interviews in the media regarding his experiences and his views on communication intercepts by governmental agencies of American citizens. In a legal case, Binney has testified in an affidavit that the NSA is in deliberate violation of the U.S. Constitution."@en .corpus378.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Ortiz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Louis Ortiz (also known as \"Bronx Obama\")) is an American impressionist of Barack Obama.  A former field technician for Verizon Ortiz is the subject of The Audacity Of Louis Ortiz, a Kickstarter-financed documentary produced and directed by Ryan Murdock."@en .corpus378.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batau_tribe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Batau Bopedi are a nation of people that forms what is generally Bapedi tribe. Bapedi tribe forms a large part of Limpopo Province of South Africa. Batau people include Batau Ba Masemola,Batau ba Manganeng, Batau Marishane, Phaahla, Mphanama, Mogashoa, Nchabeleng, Maroteng, Mohlaletsi, Malatane, Byldrift. These communities shares the same history. Going back in history they were all united under one political head: Kgoshi Ngwato back in the 14th and 15th century. By this time they were living in Crocodile river in Mpumalanga. From there they migrated to Transvaal the place that is currently largely called Pretoria. This was the time when they were under the political leadership of Matlebo. But eventually they migrated further North to the current place that is largely named Sekhukhune. Here they were under the leadership of Matlebjane. According to record established by Mamagase Macheng Makgaleng and later considered by Chris Kanyane King Matlebjane was the younger brother to Matlebo. So after Matlebo died Matlebjane took over. This happened because Matlebo's son Mogashoa was still very young.Mamagase Macheng Makgaleng (1956): Batau ba Tsitlana, Van Schaik.Matlebjane ruled Batau for a long time. When Mogashoa grew up to become a man Matlebjane refused to hand over the leadership as it was rightly expected in terms of African traditions. The case was accepted by the Batau people.Matlebjane had four (4) sons: These areSeloane,Masemola,Phaahla andPhoto.These were from different wives. Eventually as Matlebjane grew old he alienated all his older wives and prefer to spent his time with the young wife who was very beautiful. So all the rewards and dibego were taken to the younger wife and all the kingly honours were enjoyed with the younger wife. Photo was the son of this younger wife. In the process of time the other sons of Matlebjane including Mogashoa got worried that their father will give the kingship to Photo. So this became a sore affair. The issue was very unsettleing also to the other wives. So out of this a bloody political plan was cooked. The three sons Seloane, Masemola, Phaahla including Mogashoa colluded and planned that Matlebjane their father and King of Batau must die. They wanted to kill him. But the question was how and how were they going to manage the political fall-out after the murder had happened. They knew there was going to be an uprising in the community and they will be killed. So the proposed a plan that Photo must be the one to kill Matlebjane.Because Photo was still young teenager - his brothers found it easy to influence him badly and bring him into their bloody scheme of murdering Matlebjane. According to their plan they will visit Matlebjane in his sleep with spears to all kill him. But that was the half part of the plan. This part of the plan was what was communicated to Photo. The full plan was that all the sons excluding Photo will have their spears bent at the tip end. So as they entered the King's resting place at night and they signaled that all stab the King in his sleep it was Photo's spear that pierced through and killed the King. The other did not kill the Kings as their spears were bent at the tip end.Nevertheless the community suspected and finally discovered the whole full story. So the community of Batau was divided through each of the sons. And the Batau scattered. And now you have Batau ba Masemola separated from others under their own political leadership, you have Phaahla alone, Mogasshoa alone, Seloane salone and Photo covering the whole area of Tubatse further North. Other Batau travelled furth North and are now found in various communities across the vast Limpopo Province.EM Ramaila (1937): Setlogo Sa Batau, A historian from Tisane Royal KraalMM Makgaleng (1952) : Batau Ba Tsitlana, Makgaleng taught at Kilnerton Institute (Pretoria) in the 1950s and 1960sChris Kanyane (2003) : History of Batau, Chris Kanyane also wrote a Barack Obama biography book: Moving Forward based on his experiences in Kenya.Masemola traditional village community (2003) WikipediaByldrift Malatane Ga Seloane traditional village communities"@en .corpus378.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_2013_ricin_letters> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "On April 16, 2013, an envelope that preliminarily tested positive for ricin, a highly toxic protein, was intercepted at the US Capitol's off-site mail facility in Washington, D.C. According to reports, the envelope was addressed to the office of Mississippi Republican Senator Roger Wicker. On April 17, 2013, an envelope addressed to President of the United States Barack Obama preliminarily tested positive for ricin.Both letters, which were mailed from Memphis, Tennessee, included the phrases \"No one wanted to listen to me before. There are still 'Missing Pieces.' Maybe I have your attention now even if that means someone must die. This must stop. To see a wrong and not expose it, is to become a silent partner to its continuance.\" and \"I am KC and I approve this message.\"A third letter mailed to a Mississippi judge, Lee County Justice Court Judge Sadie Holland, that was received and opened on April 10, contained similar language and was sent for testing. The letters tested positive for ricin during FBI testing."@en .corpus379.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaffi_Mather> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Shaffi Mather (born February 6, 1970) is an Indian Social Entrepreneur, who  served as the Economic Advisor to the Chief Minister, Oommen Chandy,  of Kerala's Congress led, UDF Government. He also worked, for a short period, as an advisor to Rahul Gandhi. He is a lawyer. Shaffi has also worked in the Real Estate sector, along with his brothers. In April 2010, he attended the Entrepreneur Summit which was held at Washington DC, at the invitation of US President Barack Obama.In his capacity as Economic Advisor, he was responsible for bringing the World Economic Forum community retreat, to be held in November 2013 to  Kochi."@en .corpus379.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_call_event> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A mass call event or mass calling event (also MCE in telephony usage) is a situation in which an extraordinarily high number of telephone calls are attempted into or out of an area, causing tremendous network congestion, and therefore service which is either significantly degraded or potentially almost completely unavailable.The term is typically used with mobile telephony systems, in which there are simply not enough radio channels available in a given cell or cells.  This causes blocked calls or dropped calls.  However, it can also apply to landline phones, in which not enough trunking telephone circuits are available into and out of any given telephone exchange or equivalent switching office at any level of the public switched telephone network (PSTN).An MCE is typically caused by a sudden disaster of some sort, such as an earthquake or explosion. The 1963 Kennedy assassination represented a mass call event for Washington, DC. A more recent example was the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, in which mobile network service was so degraded by people checking on the safety of friends and family (or reporting their own status to others) that journalists and the public both assumed that the networks had been shut down to prevent further remote detonations, although this was not the case with any mobile phone company.Access-class barring is one solution in such a situation, allowing public safety (PS) personnel such as emergency responders to have priority on the network, as well as general emergency calls to public-safety answering points (PSAPs).  This typically only affects voice calls, therefore text messaging is a very effective way of communication during an MCE, as it only needs a brief connection to the network to be sent or received, and uses almost nothing in terms of network resources like bandwidth.Mass call events can also be caused by planned events, such as with the massive gathering in Washington, D.C. for the 2009 U.S. Presidential Inauguration of Barack Obama.  In this case, network overload was avoided by deploying multiple cell-on-wheels (CoW) units with their own wireless backhauls.  This was a particularly major situation for cell carriers because many attendees wanted to be live on the phone (via voice call or video chat) with others who could not attend the ceremony, further increasing network usage."@en .corpus379.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letcher_County_Central_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Letcher County Central High School (LCCHS) is a public high school containing grades 9-12 in the southeastern city Ermine of Letcher County, Kentucky, United States, about 15 miles from the Virginia border. The school opened in 2005 with its first graduating class in 2006. This is now the only high school in the district because it was built to combine all high schools of the district into one. However, it is not the only public high school in Letcher County, as the city of Jenkins and its immediate area are served by a separate school district that did not participate in the consolidation. LCCHS was rated bronze in the \"U.S. News Best High Schools\".In 2012 LCCHS offered its 930 students Advanced Placement courses, 16 athletic teams, vocational courses, a Speech Team, a Pep and Marching Band with a Color Guard, JROTC, programs for office workers and peer tutors, and other extracurricular activities and clubs. The school's band traveled to participate in the second inauguration of President Barack Obama in 2013. The volleyball team has been to state tournament several times, the wrestling team has had multiple regional championships, and the girl's basketball team has a sweet sixteen appearance. In the 2011-2012 school year the cheerleaders placed 2nd State-At-Large and was 14th Region Champions, the boy's soccer team was District Champions, the Cross Country team made District & Region Champions and the varsity boys won 13th in State, and the Lady Cougar Basketball team was 53rd District Champions."@en .corpus379.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_New_York,_1980> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1980 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 4, 1980. All 50 states and The District of Columbia, were part of the 1980 United States presidential election. New York voters chose forty one electors to the Electoral College, which voted for President and Vice President.New York was won by former California Governor Ronald Reagan, in a narrow victory against President of the United States Jimmy Carter, who failed to gain reelection against Reagan. Also in the running was Independent candidate Congressman John B. Anderson of Illinois, who ran in New York as the Liberal Party candidate. Reagan won the state with a plurality of 46.66% of the vote to Carter's 43.99%, a margin of 2.67%. Anderson finished in third with 7.54%. New York's election results reflect the Republican Party's re-consolidation of base under what is popularly called the \"Reagan Revolution,\" which sounded various overwhelming conservative electoral victories across the United States throughout the 1980s - and most evidently against the relatively unpopular President Carter during the 1980 presidential election. New York weighed in for this election as more Democratic than the national average by about 7%. This election is notable in that, while the highly populated regions of New York City, Buffalo, and Albany turned out for Carter, the election in the state was tipped by the majority of less-populated upstate counties, combined with heavily populated suburban counties around NYC, most of which were won by Reagan. Carter actually picked up plurality wins in 2 counties which he had lost in 1976: Monroe County, home to the city of Rochester, and Niagara County.  A major contributing factor to Reagan's victory over Carter was the relatively strong third party showing by independent candidate John B. Anderson, a former liberal Republican congressman who garnered 8% of the vote in the State- twice the 4% margin by which Carter had won New York in 1976. Running on the ballot line of New York's Liberal Party, Anderson attracted the votes of many liberals and moderates who normally leaned Democratic but were dissatisfied with the policies of the Carter Administration, thus splitting the left-leaning vote in New York State. In the heavily populated, and very liberal, 5 boroughs of New York City, Carter still won overall, and Reagan made only modest gains in vote share over Gerald Ford's 1976 showing of 33%, taking 37% in the city in 1980. However, although still winning 4 out of 5 boroughs, Carter bled a massive amount of support in the city to Anderson, dropping from 66% in 1976 to only 55% in 1980. Since Democratic victories in New York State in that era depended on running up massive margins in New York City to overcome the rest of the state's Republican lean, the reduced margin in the city from vote-splitting would prove fatal to Carter's chances of winning the state in 1980. While Reagan only bled about 1% of Republican base support in the state (winning a plurality in a 3-way-race with 46.66% while Gerald Ford had lost the state in a two-man race with 47.52% in 1976), Carter bled nearly 8% of his 1976 support, falling from a 51.95% majority win in 1976 to a losing 43.99% in 1980, most of those lost Democratic base votes going to Anderson instead. This remains the last election in which a Republican presidential nominee has won Tompkins County in upstate New York, home to the college town of Ithaca, where Cornell University and Ithaca College are located. Reagan narrowly won the county with a plurality of 42% to Carter's 40%, while Anderson took nearly 14%, making it Anderson's strongest county in the state. In 1984, Tompkins County would vote against Reagan and in the following years it would become the most Democratic county in upstate New York, giving Barack Obama over 70% of the vote in 2008."@en .corpus379.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunese_Simati> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Aunese Makoi Simati, born 22 April 1967, is a Tuvaluan diplomat. He is currently Tuvalu's Permanent Representative to the United Nations.He studied at Waikato University (New Zealand), obtaining a Master's degree in social science (economics and geography). He worked as a civil servant in the Tuvaluan Ministry of Finance, Economic Planning and Industries from 1991 to 2003, in the Department of Planning, rising to the position of Senior Assistant Secretary in that department in 1999. In 2003, he was promoted to the position of Acting Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Communications and Transport, then became Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Home Affairs and Rural Development in 2005; he returned to the Ministry of Finance, Economic Planning and Industries, as Permanent Secretary, in 2006.In 2009, he began a diplomatic career, being appointed Permanent Secretary in the Department of Foreign Affairs, within the Office of the Prime Minister (who at that time was Apisai Ielemia). The following year, he was appointed as Tuvalu's High Commissioner to Fiji. On 20 December 2012, he presented his credentials to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, as Tuvalu's Permanent Representative to the United Nations. He simultaneously serves as Tuvaluan Ambassador to the United States, having presented his credentials to President Barack Obama on 14 January 2013."@en .corpus38.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_Justice_Programs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Office of Justice Programs (OJP) is an agency of the United States Department of Justice that focuses on crime prevention through research and development, assistance to state and local law enforcement and criminal justice agencies through grants, and assistance to crime victims.  The major bureaus and offices of OJP include:Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA)Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS)National Institute of Justice (NIJ)Office for Victims of Crime (OVC)Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (OJJDP)Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring, Apprehending, Registering, and Tracking (SMART)The Office of Justice Programs is headed by an Assistant Attorney General. Karol V. Mason was nominated to be Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Justice Programs by President Barack Obama on February 13, 2013. Mason was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 25, 2013."@en .corpus38.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Greenfield-Sanders> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Timothy Greenfield-Sanders (born 1952) is an American documentary filmmaker and portrait photographer, son of Miami musician and teacher Dr. Ruth W. Greenfield. The majority of his work is shot in large format.He has photographed Orson Welles, Alfred Hitchcock, Jimmy Carter, Gerald Ford, George H. W. Bush, George W. Bush, Barack Obama, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Sonia Sotomayor, Sandra Day O'Connor, Madeleine Albright, Colin Powell, and Hillary Clinton. Seven hundred of his art world portraits are in the collections of The Museum of Modern Art and the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston.His feature documentary film, Lou Reed: Rock and Roll Heart, about the musician Lou Reed, won the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Long Form Music Video. The film premiered in the U.S. at the Sundance Film Festival and in Europe at the Berlin Film Festival. It aired on the American Masters series on PBS. Greenfield-Sanders also exhibited \"Thinking XXX\", a series of clothed and nude portraits of porn stars at the Mary Boone Gallery from October 30 to December 18, 2004. During the photo shoots for the exhibition he directed an HBO documentary, also called Thinking XXX, about the adult stars.Starting in 2008, Greenfield-Sanders directed and produced The Black List: Volumes 1, 2 and 3. \"Volume 1\" premiered at The Sundance Film Festival. These documentary films aired on HBO in 2008, 2009 and 2010. Portraits taken by Greenfield-Sanders for the project were first exhibited at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston in 2008 and then at the Brooklyn Museum. The work continued to tour and was shown at the Hartford Atheneum and the Paley Center in New York and Los Angeles. From October 27, 2011 - April 22, 2012, all fifty images from the series were shown at The National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.In 2010 \"The Latino List: Volume 1\" aired on HBO and Greenfield-Sanders' portraits of twenty-five leading Latinos were exhibited at The Brooklyn Museum. In 2012, \"The Latino List: Volume 2\" aired on HBO.In 2012, he completed another film, About Face: Supermodels Then and Now, an examination of beauty through the eyes and lives of supermodels from the 1950s through the 1980s. This documentary premiered at The Sundance Film Festival and aired on HBO on July 30, 2012.Greenfield-Sanders directed and produced, \"The Out List\", which aired on HBO on October 27, 2013, just as the Supreme Court ruled on marriage equality.On September 23, 2014, Greenfield-Sanders aired, on PBS' American Masters series, \"The Boomer List\", which starred Tim O'Brien, Deepak Chopra, Samuel L. Jackson, Billy Joel, Steve Wozniak, Tommy Hilfiger, Amy Tan, Eve Ensler, Julieanna Richardson, Maria Shriver, Kim Cattrall, Virginia Rometty, Ellen Ochoa, Ronnie Lott, Erin Brockovich, Peter Staley, Rosie O'Donnell, David LaChapelle, and John Leguizamo representing each of the baby boomer years of 1946-1964. Greenfield-Sanders' portraits of all 19 subjects were exhibited at the Newseum in Washington, D.C. from September 26, 2014- July 15, 2015.Greenfield-Sanders has been on the masthead as a contributing photographer to Vanity Fair. He received a B.A. in Art History from Columbia University and a M.F.A. in film from the American Film Institute."@en .corpus38.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Education_in_South_Korea> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Education in South Korea is provided by both public schools and private schools. Both types of schools receive funding from the government, although the amount that the private schools receive is less than the amount of the state schools.Higher education is serious matter and highly valued in South Korea and in South Korean culture as a whole. In 2010, the country spent 7.6% of its GDP on all levels of education – significantly more than the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) average of 6.3% and as a result has fostered an education system that helped transform the country and rapidly grow its economy over the past 60 years. South Korea’s zeal for education and individuals’ desire to get into a prestigious university is among highest in the world, where the entrance to a top tier higher institution leads to prestigious, secure and well-paid job with the government, banks, or one of South Korea’s major business conglomerates like Samsung or LG Electronics. With incredible pressure on high school students to secure places at the nation’s best universities, its institutional reputation and alumni networks are strong predictors of future job and career prospects. The top three universities in South Korea often referred to as \"SKY\" are Seoul National University, Korea University and Yonsei University.The South Korean education system has been praised for various reasons, including its comparatively high results and its major role in bringing Korea's economic development. Many political figures such as the U.S. President Barack Obama have praised South Korea for its rigorous education system, where more than 85 percent of South Korean high school graduates there go on to college and creating a highly motivated and educated populace. In addition, 65 percent of South Koreans aged 25–34 hold at least a bachelors degree, the most in the OECD, while the global OECD average is 39 percent.However, its rigid, hierarchical structure has been criticized for lowering innovation. It has also been described as 'intensely competitive. The system has also been attributed for the high suicide rate in South Korea as well as increased uncertainty about job prospects may do little to quell national anxiety around a college entrance exam that is already regarded as having lasting consequences for one’s career and life. It has also been criticized for producing an oversupply of university graduates in the country, where the first quarter of 2013 alone, nearly 3.3 million South Korean university graduates were jobless, leading many graduates overqualified for jobs requiring less education. In addition, further criticism has been stemmed for causing labor shortages in many vocational occupations, which many go unfilled. Despite strong criticism and research statistics pointing alternative career options, many South Korean parents still continue to encourage their children to enter universities than vocational schools."@en .corpus38.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Yoo> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Choon Yoo (born July 10, 1967) is an American attorney, law professor, and author.  He served as a political appointee, the Deputy Assistant U.S. Attorney General in the Office of Legal Counsel, Department of Justice (OLC), during the George W. Bush administration. He is best known for his opinions concerning the Geneva Conventions that legitimized the War on Terror by the United States. He also authored the so-called Torture Memos, which concerned the use of what the Central Intelligence Agency called enhanced interrogation techniques including waterboarding.In 2009, two days after taking office, President Barack Obama in Executive Order 13491 repudiated and revoked all legal guidance on interrogation authored by Yoo and his successors in the Office of Legal Counsel between September 11, 2001, and January 20, 2009. At the time of the Obama administration, he continues to be a Professor of Law at the University of California, Berkeley."@en .corpus38.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manny_Díaz_(Florida_politician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Manuel \"Manny\" Alberto Díaz (born November 5, 1954) is a Cuban American politician who served as the mayor of Miami, Florida from 2001–2009.Mayor Díaz and his mother, Elisa, left Cuba in 1961. He graduated from Belen Jesuit Preparatory School in 1973. He scored the first touchdown in Belen Jesuit football history, and was named \"Mr. Belén\" in his graduating class. In 1977, Díaz received his bachelor's degree in Political Science from Florida International University. In 1980, he earned his Juris Doctor degree from the University of Miami School of Law.Díaz first came to prominence serving as the attorney for the Miami relatives of Elián González.A lawyer, Díaz was elected mayor in November 2001, replacing Joe Carollo, and reelected in 2005. As mayor, Díaz remained a partner in the law firm of Díaz, O'Naghten & Borgognoni, L.L.P.When he first took office, Miami city government was bankrupt, held junk bond status, and was under a state financial oversight board.  Mayor Diaz pursued a vast administrative overhaul that brought with it financial stability, healthy level of financial reserves, continued tax cuts, lowered millage rates, and an A+ bond rating on Wall Street.  In 2004, Díaz was awarded the \"Urban Innovator of the Year\" award by the Manhattan Institute.In 2007, Díaz served on the selection committee for the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence.In 2008, Díaz became president of the U.S. Conference of Mayors. As an Independent, and a former registered Democrat, Diaz spoke at the 2008 Democratic National Convention and endorsed President Barack Obama.Díaz is married to Robin Smith and has four children and three grandchildren. His son, Manny, is a college football coach and was the defensive coordinator for The University of Texas at Austin. His daughter, Natalie, recently received her Masters in Public Health with honors from Florida International University. His son, Robert, is pursuing a political science degree. His daughter, Elisa, is currently attending a magnet school for Drama. His grandchildren are Colin, Gavin, and Manny Jr.Mayor Díaz left office in 2009 because of term limits. In the Spring of 2010, Díaz was an IOP Fellow at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard. Today Díaz is a Partner at Lydecker Díaz, LLP in Miami."@en .corpus380.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazy_Tankersley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ruth \"Bazy\" Tankersley (March 7, 1921 – February 5, 2013) was an American newspaper publisher and a noted breeder of Arabian horses.  Born into the McCormick family, she was raised amongst powerful Republican political figures.  She was the daughter of Senator Joseph Medill McCormick.  Her mother was Progressive Republican Ruth Hanna McCormick, who served in the United States House of Representatives, making Tankersley a granddaughter of the late Senator Mark Hanna of Ohio. Although Tankersley was involved with conservative Republican causes as a young woman, including a friendship with Senator Joseph R. McCarthy, her Progressive roots reemerged in later years; by the 21st century, she had become a strong supporter of environmental causes and backed Barack Obama for president in 2008.  She became a patron of many charities. Her death in 2013 was attributed to Parkinson's disease.Joseph McCormick died when Tankersley was a child. Her mother remarried and moved the family to the southwestern United States where Tankersley spent considerable time riding horses. As a young woman, she had a journalism career, beginning at age 18 as a reporter for a newspaper published by her mother.  She later ran a newspaper in Illinois with her first husband, Peter Miller, then became the publisher of the conservative Washington Times-Herald from 1949 to 1951. That paper was owned by her uncle, the childless Robert R. McCormick, who viewed Tankersley as his heir until the two had a falling out over editorial control of the newspaper and her relationship with Garvin Tankersley, who became her second husband.  She wrote for the Washington Post after it absorbed the Times-Herald, then shifted her career to become a full-time horse breeder.Tankersley lived around horses much of her life and became particularly enamored of the Arabian horse breed as a child when she lived in the southwest and had a part-Arabian to ride.  She purchased her first purebred when she was 19.  She set up her horse breeding operation, Al-Marah Arabians, in Tucson, Arizona in 1941, and took her horses and farm name with her whenever she moved.  While she lived in Illinois, she purchased her foundation sire, Indraff, in 1947.  She ultimately returned to Tucson in the 1970s, and in addition to horse breeding, she set up an apprenticeship program to train young people for jobs in the horse industry.  She also developed a second horse operation, the Hat Ranch, located near Flagstaff, Arizona. Over the course of her career, she bred over 2,800 registered Arabians, and also was one of the largest importers of horses from the Crabbet Arabian Stud in England.  She bequeathed the Tucson ranch to the University of Arizona and the Hat Ranch to a conservation trust.  In her final years, she downsized her horse breeding operation by selling many of her horses, and the remainder went to her son, Mark Miller, who breeds Arabians in Florida."@en .corpus380.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Klöpping> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alexander Paul Klöpping (born 21 January 1987, Oss) is a Dutch internet entrepreneur specializing in consumer electronics, blogging, and is also a print and online journalist and speaker. Klöpping studies new media at the University of Amsterdam and is a self-described nerd. He is consulted by Dutch-language media for his expertise. He himself states that his expertise is \"relative\".Klöpping started an online company, The Gadget Company, at 16 years of age. In 2005 he went to the United States to study, for half a year at a university oriented to the Democratic Party and another half year at one oriented towards the Republican Party and participated in political campaigns of both parties. He wrote a thesis about the Barack Obama campaign. Starting in March 2008 he wrote for Dutch financial journalist Jort Kelder's website 925.nl, became editor a few months later and stayed in that position until June 2009.He also writes articles for Dutch media Emerce, NU.nl, NRC Next (once every two weeks on Wednesdays), Vrij Nederland, NTR Schooltv and STER Nieuws.Klöpping has been working on Dutch television since 2009. He produced and presented Internet news for Bij ons in de BV and NTR School TV. He is best known for appearing regularly as a technology expert on the talk show De Wereld Draait Door. There, he has demonstrated items including the iPad and Kinect, and commented on the rise of social media, WikiLeaks, the Anonymous cyber-attacks, and Facebook privacy policy. He is an advisor for Mediafonds and member of the jury on TV Lab.He speaks at conventions about social media, for example at the E-Learning Congres. In 2011 he published the book Wikileaks, alles wat je niet mocht weten (\"Wikileaks, everything you weren't allowed to know\").In 2013 he joined the Committee of Recommendation of Dutch whistleblower foundation Publeaks that launched a whisteblowing initiative in September 2013 based on GlobaLeaks software.In 2013 Klöpping founded the Universiteit van Nederland (\"University of the Netherlands\"), that organizes and publishes lectures. That year, Klöpping himself taught three classes on the television series DWDD University about the history, present and future of Silicon Valley. Klöpping is a co-founder of Blendle, a platform with articles of thirty major Dutch newspapers and magazines. At Blendle, launched in April 2014, readers pay per article."@en .corpus380.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feed_the_Future_Initiative> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Feed the Future Initiative (FTF) was launched in 2010 by the United States government and the Obama Administration to address global hunger and food insecurity. According to the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, it is \"the U.S. government's global food security initiative.\"The Feed the Future Initiative began as an effort \"to combat the global food price spikes of 2007 and 2008.\" In 2009 President Barack Obama committed $3.5 billion over a 3-year period to a global initiative with the intent of combatting hunger and poverty; in May 2010 the United States Department of State launched the Feed the Future Initiative. The Initiative was developed by the Department of State and is coordinated primarily by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID). The main objectives of the initiative are the advancement of global agricultural development, increased food production and food security, and improved nutrition particularly for vulnerable populations such as women and children."@en .corpus380.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florinel_Enache> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Florinel Enache (born Gura Caliței) is a Romanian soldier with over 23 years of service, seriously injured on May 4, 2012, while on a research and recon mission in Zabul Province, Highway A1, Afghanistan.Sergeant Major Florinel Enache who was part of the 282 Mechanized Infantry Battalion that carried out missions in Afghanistan’s Zabul Province. The 282 battalion from Focşani (East) sent mid-January 2012, a number of 600 troops to Afghanistan for a six-month rotation. Florinel Enache was grievously injured on May 4, 2012. The military was rushed at Laghman, Afghanistan and then to Landstuhl, Germany, where doctors tried to save his life. The sub-officer (NCO) suffered severe wounds from the blast of an improvised explosive device while being on a scouting land mission to secure an objective on A1 highway in Afghanistan. He suffered severe wounds from a detonated explosive device (EAD). Both legs were amputated from the pelvis area and his left arm from above the elbow. Also, he suffered a numerous contusions and back injuries.Enache was brought to Walter Reed Army Medical Center on May 26, 2012. In August 2012 the Embassy of Romania, Washington, D.C. sent out a humanitarian call for Romanian Soldier Florinel Enache. On March 6, 2013, Enache was visited at Walter Reed Army Medical Center by the President of United States Barack Obama. A photo provided by the White House and posted on the Facebook page of the Embassy of the United States in Bucharest, President Obama standing by the side of Enache who lies on a hospital bed at the hospital in Bethesda, Maryland.Florinel Enache was transported back to his native country of Romania on May 13, 2013 and he arrived in his homeland on May 15 on a US Air Force aircraft. He was welcomed by the Romanian Minister of Defense, Mircea Dusa. His Romanian Unit comrades welcomed him as well. It was the very first time since the accident that they got to see Sergeant Major Enache."@en .corpus381.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_T._Miller> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steven T. Miller (born c. 1956) was the acting Commissioner of Internal Revenue from 2012 to 2013.He has Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Maryland, a Juris Doctor degree from George Washington University, and a Master of Laws degree in taxation from Georgetown University Law School.During his career at the IRS he was acting Assistant Commissioner and Special Assistant to the Assistant Commissioner, Employee Plans/Exempt Organizations; Commissioner of the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division; Commissioner of the Large Business and International Division; and Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement.Miller became acting IRS commissioner on November 9, 2012, the day after Barack Obama was elected to a second term when Doug Shulman stepped down saying he did not want a second five-year term. Miller submitted his resignation on May 15, 2013, in the wake of the 2013 IRS scandal in which the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration released an audit report confirming that the IRS used inappropriate criteria to identify potential political cases, including organizations with Tea Party in their names for closer scrutiny on 501(c)(4) applications.He later joined the tax advisory firm alliantgroup as national director of tax."@en .corpus381.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_Green_Charter_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama Green Charter High School is a public high school in Plainfield, Union County, New Jersey, United States, that focuses on education in the performing arts and operates independently of the local school district under a charter granted by the New Jersey Department of Education. The charter for the school was approved in September 2009, as part of an announcement by Governor Jon Corzine of eight charter schools granted by the state in that cycle. After receiving approval from city's Board of Adjustment, the school opened in September 2010.As of the 2011-12 school year, the school had an enrollment of 163 students and 14.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.64:1. There were 102 students (62.6% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 25 (15.3% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch."@en .corpus381.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_C._Alexander> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark C. Alexander is a Law Professor at Seton Hall University in New Jersey. Alexander was a Senior Advisor to first United States Senator, then President Barack Obama, beginning in January 2007. Early on, he served as Policy Director, building Obama's network of policy experts and providing overall strategic guidance. Alexander served as New Jersey State Director  in the primaries, running all operations in his home state. After the election he served on the Presidential Transition Team. Alexander was General Counsel to Cory Booker in the 2006 Newark Municipal elections and then for Booker's transition team. He served as Issues Director for the Bill Bradley for President Campaign in 1999-2000. He also worked for U.S. Senators Edward Kennedy and Howard Metzenbaum. In 2013, he unsuccessfully challenged Nia Gill in New Jersey's 34th Legislative District.  In 2010, President Barack Obama appointed Alexander to the 12-member J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board that was established by Congress to supervise the global Fulbright Program.Alexander is the son of former U.S. Army Secretary Clifford Alexander and brother of Poet Elizabeth Alexander. He is a resident of Montclair, NJ."@en .corpus381.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/FEAR_(terrorist_group)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The FEAR militia (Forever Enduring, Always Ready) was an American group of between four and eleven individuals that the State of Georgia alleged in 2012 to have planned to destroy a dam and poison apple orchards in Washington State, set off explosives in Forsyth Park in Savannah, Georgia, and assassinate President Barack Obama. Four of the individuals charged were soldiers stationed at Fort Stewart, Georgia. The group is also alleged to have killed two people in an attempt to prevent them from revealing their plans to the public."@en .corpus381.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_C._Gray> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Danielle Gray is the former Assistant to the President, Cabinet Secretary, and a Senior Advisor to U.S. President Barack Obama. Previously, Gray served as Deputy Director of the National Economic Council and Deputy Assistant to the President for Economic Policy. Newsweek called her \"the most powerful White House staffer you've never heard of.\""@en .corpus382.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaka_Patterson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chaka M. Patterson (born November 27, 1968) is an American attorney. He is one of the top fundraisers for US President Barack Obama. He also served on the national finance committee for President Obama's 2012 presidential campaign. As of 2013, he is a Partner in the law firm of Jones Day, where he specializes in corporate law and commercial litigation."@en .corpus382.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efforts_to_impeach_Barack_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "During the presidency of Barack Obama, Republican congressmembers have stated that Obama may have engaged in impeachable activity and may face removal from office.  Rationales offered for impeachment have included an alleged White House cover-up after the 2012 Benghazi attack  and failure to defend the borders from illegal immigration. No Congressional Representative has drawn up a list of articles of impeachment and proposed them to the Judiciary Committee.Multiple surveys of U.S. public opinion have found that the clear majority of Americans reject the idea of impeaching the President while most Republicans have been in favor; for example, CNN found in July 2014 that 57% of Republicans supported efforts while about two thirds of adult Americans in general disagreed."@en .corpus382.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molokai_Advertiser-News> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Molokaʻi Advertiser-News is a weekly newspaper founded in 1984 and published on the island of Molokaʻi, Hawaiʻi, United States.  The Molokaʻi Advertiser-News is one of two newspapers published on the island of Molokaʻi, the other being the Molokai Island Times.  In 1998 the founder, George G. Peabody, filed a court case against a competing free paper, The Dispatch, for unfair competition via removing copies of the Advertiser-News and replacing them with its own paper.  The State of Hawaiʻi Intermediate Court of Appeals found in the Molokaʻi Advertiser-News' favor in 2000.The paper was founded in 1984 by George G. Peabody who as of 2014 still serves as the editor and chief investigatory reporter.  In 1998 and 2002, Peabody ran for governor of Hawaiʻi as a Libertarian.  He received 4,398 votes in the 1998 general election.  Peabody was also a candidate for the Republican gubernatorial primary election in 2006.Peabody has taken up many unpopular causes in the course of his three decades as the publisher, including his 2012 investigatory journalism into the validity of President Barack Obama's State of Hawaiʻi birth certificate and calling for President Obama's impeachmentFrom 2010 to 2014 Peabody ran an unprecedented series of newspaper articles about dissident and activist David A. Mihaila and his twenty-year protracted struggle with the University of Hawaiʻi administration to obtain the release of his college diploma."@en .corpus382.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_H._McGurk> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brett H. McGurk (born  April 20, 1973) is a former Senior Advisor to the United States Ambassador to Iraq and to the United States National Security Council. He was President Barack Obama's nominee to become the next United States Ambassador to Iraq, but he withdrew himself from consideration."@en .corpus382.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Drug_and_Animal_Generic_Drug_User_Fee_Reauthorization_Act_of_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Animal Drug and Animal Generic Drug User Fee Reauthorization Act of 2013 (S. 622; Pub.L. 113–14) is a bill that was introduced into the United States Senate during the 113th United States Congress.  The bill would authorize the collection of fees by the Food and Drug Administration for use to fund activities related to the approval of drugs for animals.  The bill would amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.The bill was signed by President Barack Obama on June 13, 2013, becoming Pub.L. 113–14."@en .corpus382.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRISM_(surveillance_program)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "PRISM is a clandestine anti-terrorism mass electronic surveillance data mining program launched in 2007 by the National Security Agency (NSA), with participation from an unknown date by the British equivalent agency, GCHQ. PRISM is a government code name for a data-collection effort known officially by the SIGAD US-984XN. The Prism program collects stored Internet communications based on demands made to Internet companies such as Google Inc. under Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 to turn over any data that match court-approved search terms. The NSA can use these Prism requests to target communications that were encrypted when they traveled across the Internet backbone, to focus on stored data that telecommunication filtering systems discarded earlier, and to get data that is easier to handle, among other things.PRISM began in 2007 in the wake of the passage of the Protect America Act under the Bush Administration.  The program is operated under the supervision of the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA Court, or FISC) pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA). Its existence was leaked six years later by NSA contractor Edward Snowden, who warned that the extent of mass data collection was far greater than the public knew and included what he characterized as \"dangerous\" and \"criminal\" activities. The disclosures were published by The Guardian and The Washington Post on June 6, 2013. Subsequent documents have demonstrated a financial arrangement between NSA's Special Source Operations division (SSO) and PRISM partners in the millions of dollars.Documents indicate that PRISM is \"the number one source of raw intelligence used for NSA analytic reports\", and it accounts for 91% of the NSA's Internet traffic acquired under FISA section 702 authority.\" The leaked information came to light one day after the revelation that the FISA Court had been ordering a subsidiary of telecommunications company Verizon Communications to turn over to the NSA logs tracking all of its customers' telephone calls.U.S. government officials have disputed some aspects of the Guardian and Washington Post stories and have defended the program by asserting it cannot be used on domestic targets without a warrant, that it has helped to prevent acts of terrorism, and that it receives independent oversight from the federal government's executive, judicial and legislative branches. On June 19, 2013, U.S. President Barack Obama, during a visit to Germany, stated that the NSA's data gathering practices constitute \"a circumscribed, narrow system directed at us being able to protect our people.\""@en .corpus383.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatyana_Fazlalizadeh> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tatyana Fazlalizadeh (born 1985) is an African-American and Iranian artist and freelance illustrator originally from Oklahoma.Her work featuring President Barack Obama was included in the book Art For Obama: Designing Manifest Hope and the Campaign for Change which was edited by artist Shepard Fairey.In 2012 Fazlalizadeh gained notoriety when she began to use street art to speak out against street harassment of women.Fazlalzadeh is primarily an oil painter."@en .corpus383.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_for_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Art For Obama: Designing Manifest Hope and the Campaign for Change is a 2009 art book dedicated to the United States presidency of Barack Obama.The book is edited by artist Shepard Fairey."@en .corpus383.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Policy_Directive_19> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Presidential Policy Directive 19, signed by President Barack Obama, is designed to ensure that employees who serve in the Intelligence community or have access to classified information can effectively report waste, fraud, and abuse, while protecting classified information.  It is the executive order establishing standards for all Federal agencies with employees covered by the Directive, including those under Defense Intelligence Community Whistleblower Protection and the U.S. Department of Defense Whistleblower Program.  It also prohibits retaliation against these employees for their reports.  PPD-19 accordingly establishes a system of Intelligence community whistleblowing and source protection under the Office,  Director of National Intelligence and supervised by the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community (IC IG).Presidential Directives are used by the Executive Branch, specifically the White House, to disseminate presidential decisions on matters of national security. The Obama Administration calls them Presidential Policy Directive or PPD."@en .corpus383.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hurd> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joe Hurd (born August 25, 1969) is an African-American lawyer, entrepreneur and public servant. From 2009 to 2012, Hurd served as a political appointee in the United States Department of Commerce during the first term of President Barack Obama and was part of the founding management team at VideoEgg, Inc. (now SAY Media, Inc.). He serves as a board member of Bullis Charter School and the American Swiss Foundation and advises a number of start-up companies in the United States. Hurd lives in Los Altos, California."@en .corpus383.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Hackett> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ken Francis Hackett (born in West Roxbury, Massachusetts) is the current United States Ambassador to the Holy See. He is the former president of Catholic Relief Services (CRS).Hackett attended Boston College, graduating in 1968. He then joined the Peace Corps, and served in Ghana. Afterwards, he joined CRS, serving in Africa and Asia. He was eventually named the president of CRS, retiring in 2011.He was nominated to the post by President Barack Obama in June 2013, and was confirmed by the Senate on August 1, 2013. He presented his Letters of Credence to Pope Francis on 21 October 2013."@en .corpus383.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela's_Diner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Pamela's Diner is a prominent group of diners in Pittsburgh.  Its specialties are crêpe-style pancakes, omelets and Lyonnaise potatoes.  It is \"treasured\" and is considered to be in the \"pantheon of pancake purveyors.\"  In 2013, Pamela's Diner was featured by the Wall Street Journal in a \"What to Do in Pittsburgh\" feature story.Pamela's Diner is owned by Gail Klingensmith and Pam Cohen.  Both educated as teachers, the business partners handle different tasks, Klingensmith with the more business end and Cohen as \"the culinary artist.\"  The first Pamela's Diner location, in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood, opened in 1979.  Since then, locations have opened in Shadyside, the Strip District, Millvale, Oakland and Mt. Lebanon.During the United States presidential election, 2008, Barack Obama visited Pamela's Diner for a campaign visit.  Once elected, President Obama had Klingensmith and Cohen at the White House for a Memorial Day breakfast with the Obama family and 80 veterans.  Later that year, during the 2009 G-20 Pittsburgh summit, President Obama expressed dismay that he was unable to return to Pamela's Diner during that trip, but First Lady Michelle Obama did visit.  Incidentally, the Oakland storefront received damage during the protests."@en .corpus384.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Climate_Action_Plan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "President Barack Obama’s Climate Action Plan proposed a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions. It included preserving forests, encouraging the use of alternate fuels, and increased study of climate change. The plan was first established in 2008 and updated every two years since.The plan would support conservation of land and water resources and developing actionable climate science, and to encourage other countries to take action to address climate change, including reducing deforestation and lowering subsidies that increase use of fossil fuels.White House staff members who were directly tasked with implementation of the plan include Heather Zichal and Michelle Patron."@en .corpus384.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_McCulley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Terence McCulley is the current United States Ambassador to The Ivory Coast and a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, with the rank of Minister-Counselor. McCulley was nominated by President Barack Obama to this post on June 26, 2013,  and presented his credentials to Ivorian President Alassane Ouattara on November 21, 2013.Previously, McCulley was Ambassador to Nigeria from 2010 to 2013. Before that, he was Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Copenhagen, Denmark from 2008-2010 and served as U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of Mali from 2005-2008.  From 2004-2005, he worked at the State Department in Washington, helping to coordinate reconstruction efforts in Iraq.  He has been the Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassies in Togo, Senegal, and Tunisia and also served as Consul in Mumbai, India.Joining the Foreign Service in 1985, McCulley started his career in Niger, followed by assignments in South Africa and Chad.  Returning to Washington in 1993, he worked for two years on Central African affairs.  According to the State Department, McCulley is the recipient of four Department of State Superior Honor Awards.Ambassador McCulley was born in Medford, Oregon, and grew up in Eugene, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in European History and French Language and Literature from the University of Oregon.  As a Rotary Foundation Graduate Fellow, he studied political science at the Université de Haute Bretagne in Rennes, France.  In addition, he attended the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy.  McCulley is fluent in French.Married to Renée McCulley, the couple have two sons."@en .corpus384.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offshore_Energy_and_Jobs_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Offshore Energy and Jobs Act (H.R. 2231) is a bill that was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress.  The Offshore Energy and Jobs Act would revise existing law governing the leasing, operation, and development of oil and natural gas resources available in the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS).  The bill is primarily supported by Republicans and is opposed by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus384.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mail_Isolation_Control_and_Tracking> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mail Isolation Control and Tracking (MICT) is an imaging system employed by the United States Postal Service (USPS) that takes photographs of the exterior of every piece of paper mail that is processed in the United States. The Postmaster General has stated that the system is primarily used for mail sorting, though it also enables the USPS to retroactively track mail correspondence at the request of law enforcement. It was created in the aftermath of the 2001 anthrax attacks that killed five people, including two postal workers. The automated mail tracking program was created so that the Postal Service could more easily track hazardous substances and keep people safe, according to U.S. Postmaster General Patrick R. Donahoe.The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) revealed MICT on June 7, 2013 when discussing the Bureau's investigation of ricin-laced letters sent to U.S. President Barack Obama and New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg. The FBI stated in a criminal complaint that the program was used to narrow its investigation to Shannon Richardson. U.S. Postmaster General Patrick R. Donahoe confirmed in an interview with the Associated Press the existence of this program on August 2, 2013.In confirming the existence of MICT, Donahoe told the Associated Press that the USPS does not maintain a massive centralized database of the letter images. He said that the images are taken at more than 200 mail processing centers around the country, and that each scanning machine at the processing centers only keeps images of the letters it scans. He also stated the images are retained for a week to 30 days and then destroyed.Computer security and information privacy expert Bruce Schneier compared MICT to the mass surveillance of the National Security Agency (NSA), revealed in June 2013 by Edward Snowden. Schneier said, \"Basically, [the USPS is] doing the same thing as the [NSA] programs, collecting the information on the outside of your mail, the metadata, if you will, of names, addresses, return addresses and postmark locations, which gives the government a pretty good map of your contacts, even if they aren't reading the contents.\"James J. Wedick, a former FBI agent, said of MICT, \"It's a treasure trove of information. Looking at just the outside of letters and other mail, I can see who you bank with, who you communicate with — all kinds of useful information that gives investigators leads that they can then follow up on with a subpoena.\" He also said the program \"can be easily abused because it's so easy to use, and you don't have to go through a judge to get the information. You just fill out a form.\"Following the FBI's revelation of MICT, a spokesperson for the Australia Post stated that the Post does not photograph mail and only records personal details on mail packages at the direction of authorized law enforcement agencies."@en .corpus384.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aptostichus_barackobamai> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Barack Obama trapdoor spider (Aptostichus barackobamai) is a species of trapdoor spider named after the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama.  The species was first reported by Professor Jason Bond of Auburn University in December 2012 as one of 33 new species of the genus Aptostichus."@en .corpus385.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_and_Water_Development_and_Related_Agencies_Appropriations_Act,_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2014 refers to appropriations bills introduced during the 113th United States Congress. There are two different versions: H.R. 2609 in the House of Representatives and S. 1245 in the Senate. The bill was later incorporated as Division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014, which was enacted in January 2014.The money would be appropriated to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Bureau of Reclamation and other U.S. Department of the Interior projects, and Department of Energy projects.  Many of these projects relate to electricity generation, transmission, and sale; nuclear power cleanup projects; hydropower; flood control; and so forth.  This funding would be used during fiscal year 2014, which starts on October 1, 2013 and ends September 30, 2014.The House version totals $30.4 billion in spending. The Senate version, as approved by the full Senate Appropriations Committee on June 27, appropriates $34.8 billion. The Senate bill was $1.96 billion below, and the House bill was $2.9 billion lower, the enacted funding level for the previous fiscal year (FY 2013) before sequestration. The Senate bill is $4.4 billion more than the House version of the bill, and funds Obama administration priorities for DOE Office of Science and clean energy basic research, which were significantly reduced in the House version of the bill. Both bills are below the budget request of President Barack Obama. The decreases in funding were \"made possible by agency consolidations and rolling back of government regulations.\""@en .corpus385.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Arison> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lin Arison  is the co-founder of the National YoungArts Foundation and the New World Symphony. She is the widow of Ted Arison, founder of Carnival Cruise Lines, and a real estate investor in Florida.An arts education advocate and a philanthropist, she will be awarded the National Medal of Arts by President Barack Obama in the East Room of the White House on July 10, 2013."@en .corpus385.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_F._Vasquez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Juan F. Vasquez (born Texas, 1948) is a judge of the United States Tax Court.Vasquez attended Fox Tech High School and San Antonio Junior College, where he studied Data Processing; he received of B.B.A. in Accounting from the University of Texas at Austin in 1972. After working for two years as an accountant, he attended one year of law school at the State University of New York in Buffalo, but earned his J.D. from the University of Houston Law Center in 1977, followed by an LL.M. in Taxation from New York University Law School in 1978.After a stint as trial attorney for the Internal Revenue Service, Vasquez became a partner in the law firm of Leighton, Hood and Vasquez from 1982–87, and had a private practice as a tax lawyer in San Antonio from 1987-1995. He was appointed by President Bill Clinton as Judge, United States Tax Court, on May 1, 1995, for a term ending April 30, 2010.  On August 5, 2010, Judge Vasquez was nominated for reappointment by President Barack Obama, but the United States Senate failed to act on the nomination. Vasquez entered senior status on May 1, 2010, and remained on senior status while awaiting Senate confirmation of his nomination for reappointment. President Obama resubmitted the nomination on January 26, 2011. Vasquez was reconfirmed on October 13, 2011, for a term ending October 12, 2026."@en .corpus385.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Sabri> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mo Sabri is an American hip hop artist from Johnson City, Tennessee. He is best known for his music videos on YouTube and is a musician credited by The Washington Post with transforming his subgenre of hip-hop music. In February 2013, the positive impact of Mo Sabri's music was recognized by United States government officials and he was invited to Washington D.C. to attend breakfast with President Barack Obama. Sabri's first album, The Overnight Classic, debuted as one of the top five highest-selling albums on the iTunes World chart during its first week in 2012."@en .corpus385.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_McCombs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Norman McCombs (born c. 1937) is a businessman and 2013 recipient of the National Medal of Technology and Innovation.  McCombs developed an oxygen production system that helped ease the pain of millions suffering from lung diseases.  President Barack Obama presented the medal to McCombs on February 1, 2013 at the White House."@en .corpus386.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trayvon_Martin_could_have_been_me_35_years_ago> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago refers to a speech given by President Barack Obama on July 19, 2013. President Obama spoke in response to the public outcry caused by the not guilty verdict in the George Zimmerman trial, following the shooting death of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin. During the speech, President Obama referenced his earlier remarks, in which he stated that if he had a son, \"he would look like Trayvon.\" During this speech, made six days after George Zimmerman was found not guilty, Obama said that another way to state it would be, \"Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago.\" That phrase became the most frequently quoted portion of the speech in the news cycle that followed.The speech was unannounced, and given in place of the usual White House daily briefing normally given by White House Press Secretary Jay Carney. In the 17-minute speech, President Obama spoke about public reaction to the trial, racial profiling, and the state of race relations in the United States. The speech was widely covered on news networks, and made headlines across the country. The speech marked a major turning point for Barack Obama, who had previously shied away from addressing issues of racial tension during his presidency. During the remarks, President Obama spoke about the many African-Americans who have experienced racial profiling, including himself.President Obama also spoke about stand-your-ground laws, and pondered that if Trayvon Martin had been armed, whether he could legally have stood his ground on the sidewalk and shot George Zimmerman is at the least ambiguous. Based on that, Obama said such laws should be examined.Obama revisited the topic during an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno a week later. Obama explained why he had waded into the issue in the first place. The president said he wanted \"to try to explain why this was a particularly sensitive topic for African-American families because a lot of people who have sons know the experience they had of being followed and being viewed suspiciously.\" Obama then put the issue in a broader perspective:\"Could Have Been Me\" became the name of a nonfiction book on President Barack Obama by a Camp David insider of 6 years named Alexander London. ISBN 9780615911731. The cover is the author meeting with the President in the Oval Office of the White House."@en .corpus386.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_C._Ormsby> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael C. Ormsby is the current United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Washington. He was appointed in 2010 by President Barack Obama upon the recommendation of Senator Patty Murray, replacing James A. McDevitt with whom he served at K&L Gates. As one of 93 US Attorneys nationwide, he represents the United States in all civil and criminal cases within his district.Before his appointment as US Attorney, Ormsby was an attorney in private practice. From 1981 to 1988, he was an associate at the eastern Washington law firm, Lukins & Annis—the same firm where he clerked and interned as a law student. From 1988 to 2010, he was a Partner at K&L Gates, where he specialized in municipal finance and involved in the fraudulent River Park Square transaction. Throughout this time, he was heavily involved in Spokane politics.Ormsby is a 1975 graduate of North Central High School (Spokane, Washington), a 1979 graduate of Gonzaga University, and a 1981 graduate of Gonzaga University School of Law. He is a self-reported baseball enthusiast, and was a partial owner of a Minor League Baseball team (the Yakima Bears). His brother, Timm, is a member of the Washington House of Representatives."@en .corpus386.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_T._Nakakuni> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Florence T. Nakakuni is the current United States Attorney for the District of Hawaii. She was appointed in 2009 by President Barack Obama, replacing Edward H. Kubo Jr. who left to become a Judge on the Hawaii First Circuit Court. She is the first female United States Attorney for the District of Hawaii. As one of 93 US Attorneys nationwide, she represents the United States in all civil and criminal cases within his district.Nakakuni is a career public servant. After graduating from the University of Hawaii and the William S. Richardson School of Law in 1975 and 1978 (respectively), she clerked for Justice Thomas Ogata of the Hawaii Supreme Court. She then worked as an attorney-adviser in the Office of Information and Privacy Appeals at the United States Department of Justice in Washington, DC. After a few years, she returned to Hawaii, working first for the General Counsel of the United States Navy in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and then joining the United States Attorney for the District of Hawaii's Office in 1985. Just prior to her appointment as US Attorney, she served as Chief of the Organized Crime and Narcotics section of the Criminal Division.Nakakuni grew up in Palolo, Hawaii and attended Kaimuki High School. She initially wanted to be a high school English teacher, but changed career paths after college. Even after law school, she never wanted to become a trial lawyer."@en .corpus386.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_B._Wagner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Benjamin B. Wagner is the current United States Attorney for the Eastern District of California. He was appointed in 2009 by President Barack Obama, replacing interim US Attorney Lawrence G. Brown who will become Executive Assistant US Attorney. As one of 93 US Attorneys nationwide, he represents the United States in all civil and criminal cases within his district.Wagner attended Dartmouth College and New York University School of Law, graduating in 1982 and 1986, respectively. At NYU, he served as Managing Editor of the New York University Journal of International Law and Politics. He began his legal career as an associate at Cahill, Gordon & Reindel in New York City in 1987. In 1992, he left to join the Office of the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of California. Over the course of his career as a federal prosecutor, he has served as Chief of the Special Prosecutions Unit, Hate Crimes Coordinator, and Anti-Terrorism Coordinator. From 2005 to 2006, he served as the Justice Department Resident Legal Adviser in Jakarta, Indonesia. He has conducted eighteen jury trials."@en .corpus386.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_L._Loeffler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Karen L. Loeffler is the current United States Attorney for the District of Alaska. She was appointed in 2009 by President Barack Obama, replacing Nelson Cohen. She is the first female US Attorney for Alaska. As one of 93 US Attorneys nationwide, she represents the United States in all civil and criminal cases within his district.Loeffler was born in New York City in 1957 and raised in Minneapolis, Minnesota. She attended Dartmouth College, graduating magna cum laude with a degree in government in 1979. During college, she was a member of the Varsity Tennis team and the Varsity Ski team. She then attended Harvard Law School, graduating cum laude with a Juris Doctor (JD) in 1983. From 1983-1985, Loeffler was an Associate at the law firm Faegre and Benson in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In 1985, she moved to Anchorage, Alaska, spending one year as an Assistant Attorney General and three years as an Assistant District Attorney. She distinguished herself as a Special Assistant United States Attorney during the case United States v. Dischner and Mathisen and was offered an appointment as an Assistant United States Attorney in 1989. During this time, she has twice served as the Chief of the Criminal Division."@en .corpus386.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_J._Olson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wendy J. Olson (born 1964) is the current United States Attorney for the District of Idaho. She was appointed in 2010 by President Barack Obama, replacing Thomas E. Moss. As one of 93 US Attorneys nationwide, she represents the United States in all civil and criminal cases within her district.Olson was born in Pocatello, Idaho and attended Pocatello High School. For college, Olson attended Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, graduating with a Bachelor's degree in journalism in 1986. She served as an intern in the sports department of the Los Angeles Times before leaving to attend Stanford Law School in Palo Alto, California. She graduated Stanford with a Juris Doctor in 1990, participating in internships with Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr, the Student Press Law Center, and the Media Access Project along the way.For her first two years after law school, Olson served as a clerk for Judge Barbara Jacobs Rothstein on the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington. For the next five years, from 1992 to 1997, she served as a trial attorney and later Deputy Director of the National Church Arson Task Force in the United States Department of Justice Civil Rights Division. From 1994-1997, she also served part-time as an Adjunct Professor at George Washington University Law School. In 1997, Olson joined the Office of the United States Attorney for the District of Idaho, rising to the rank of Senior Litigation Counsel at the time of her appointment in 2010."@en .corpus387.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Vermont,_1964> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1964 United States Presidential Election in Vermont  took place on November 3, 1964 as part of the 1964 United States Presidential Election which was held throughout all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President. Vermont voted overwhelmingly for the Democratic nominee, incumbent President Lyndon B. Johnson of Texas, over the Republican nominee, Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona. Johnson ran with Senator Hubert H. Humphrey of Minnesota, while Goldwater's running mate was Congressman William E. Miller of New York.Johnson won a landslide in Vermont with 66.30% of the vote to Goldwater's 33.69%, a Democratic victory margin of 32.61%.With this decisive win, Johnson became the first Democratic presidential candidate to ever win Vermont. Johnson's landslide margin of victory in this traditional Republican stronghold even made the state 10% more Democratic than the national average in the 1964 election. Vermont historically was a bastion of liberal Northeastern Republicanism, and by 1964 the Green Mountain State had gone Republican in every presidential election since the founding of the Republican Party. But in 1964 this streak came to an end when the GOP nominated staunch conservative Barry Goldwater. Goldwater lost the 1964 election in a nationwide landslide, but the loss in Vermont was especially severe from a historical perspective. From 1856 to 1960, Vermont had the longest streak of voting Republican of any state, having never voted Democratic before, but in 1964 it rejected Goldwater's conservatism and went Democratic for the first time- and by a landslide 66-33 margin. The staunch conservative Barry Goldwater was widely seen in the liberal Northeastern United States as a right-wing extremist; he had voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and the Johnson campaign portrayed him as a warmonger who as president would provoke a nuclear war. Thus Goldwater performed especially weakly in liberal northeastern states like Vermont, and for the first time in history, a Democratic presidential candidate swept every Northeastern state in 1964. Not only did Johnson win every Northeastern state, but he won all of them with landslides of over 60% of the vote, including Vermont, which weighed in as the ninth most Democratic state in the nation. Johnson swept all 14 counties in Vermont, breaking 60% of the vote in 11 of them. In the northwestern part of the state, Johnson broke 70% of the vote in two counties: Chittenden County, the most populous county, home to the state's largest city, Burlington, as well as Franklin County. The northwestern three counties of Vermont had long been Democratic enclaves in an otherwise Republican state, and remained the most Democratic region in 1964, even as the rest of the state finally joined them in voting Democratic. After 1964, the state would revert to voting GOP again in 1968 and remain in the Republican column for another 20 year streak through 1988, although the Republicans would never recover the overwhelming margins by which they once dominated Vermont. The results of 1964, with Goldwater dominating the Deep South while losing the Northeast, would foreshadow the future political trajectory of the nation, including Vermont. Like the rest of the Northeast, Vermont would finally flip to the Democrats for good in 1992, as the GOP became increasingly Southern and conservative. Johnson's landslide win in Vermont would remain the strongest Democratic victory in the state until the elections of Barack Obama, who outperformed Johnson in Vermont in both 2008 and 2012."@en .corpus387.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterans_of_Foreign_Wars_Building> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Veterans of Foreign Wars Building in Reno, Nevada, located at 301 Burris Ln., is a historic building that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2008.With address of 240 W. Moana Lane, the building is reportedly listed on the National Register.  The building was a combined work of VFW Post 207 (founded 1926) and VFW Post 9211 (founded 1944), and includes a \"semi-subterranean hall\" in Reno's Tighe Park.The 2012 national convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars was held in Reno, and U.S. president Barack Obama gave a speech."@en .corpus387.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_American_Heritage_Month> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Polish American Heritage Month is an annual event celebrated in October by Polish American communities. It was first celebrated in 1981 after organization by Michael Blichasz, President of the Polish American Cultural Center in Philadelphia. Originally it was celebrated in August at various gatherings, travel events, and culturally-significant locations in Pennsylvania. The Polish American Cultural Center and the Polish American Congress lobbied politicians at the state and national level to make August the month for Polish heritage. In 1984, House Joint Resolution 577 passed, making August Polish American Heritage Month. President Ronald Reagan urged all Americans to join in the celebration honoring Polish heritage in the United States. The month was changed to October in 1986 to aid participating schools in organization during the school year, and October holds significance as the month when the first Polish settlers came to Jamestown, Virginia.Proclamations were made by Presidents Reagan and George H.W. Bush, but beginning with Bill Clinton, U.S. Presidents have since made proclamations for General Pulaski Memorial Day, and official messages noting Polish American Heritage month. Barack Obama has not made any Proclamations or Official Messages commemorating Polish American Heritage Month. He has made Proclamations for General Pulaski Memorial Day on October 11th each year of his presidency."@en .corpus387.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Colvin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carolyn W. Colvin has been the Acting Commissioner of Social Security Administration in the United States since February 14, 2013, having succeeded Michael J. Astrue.  On June 20, 2014, President Barack Obama nominated her to serve as the commissioner.  On September 18, 2014, the United States Senate Committee on Finance approved her nomination by a 22-2 vote.Previously, she was the Deputy Commissioner, having been nominated by Obama and confirmed by the United States Senate in 2010. She had previously worked at the Social Security Administration during the 1990s.Colvin is a graduate of Morgan State University with a BS in Business Administration and an MBA. She has one son and six grandchildren."@en .corpus387.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisha_Desai_Biswal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nisha Desai Biswal is an Indian-American who is Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State. She was previously Assistant Administrator for Asia at the US Agency for International Development (USAID). She was nominated for the post of Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia by US President Barack Obama on 19 July 2013. Biswal immigrated to the U.S. from India with her parents."@en .corpus387.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_E._Whitaker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eric E. Whitaker is a prominent African-American physician, public health practitioner, and health policy expert. He is a close friend of President Barack Obama."@en .corpus387.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taliban_Five> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Taliban Five were long-term Afghan detainees at Guantanamo Bay and formerly high-ranking members of the Taliban government of Afghanistan who were exchanged for United States Army sergeant Bowe Bergdahl. The Taliban Five were released to custody in Doha, Qatar on June 1, 2014.The Taliban Five are described as \"the hardest of the hard-core\" by John McCain and James Franklin Jeffrey. All five are deemed \"high\" risk to the United States and were recommended for \"continued detention\".  This reverses a position McCain held only four months earlier.  McCain said his stance has changed only because the previous proposal was to release five “hard-core” Taliban leaders as a “confidence-building measure.” The current proposal would be an actual exchange of prisoners. “I would be inclined to support such a thing, depending on a lot of details,” he said.For several years, there were rumors that President Barack Obama's negotiations with the Taliban hinged on the release of these five men.The Taliban wanted the men to be sent to Qatar. The United States was reportedly considering freeing them if the Taliban would release Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl. The Wall Street Journal described the identity of the five men as an \"open secret\", since members of Congress had been briefed on the negotiations."@en .corpus387.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Washington_(state),_1988> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1988 United States presidential election in Washington took place on November 8, 1988. All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Washington voters chose 10 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.Washington was won by Democratic Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis, who was running against incumbent Republican Vice President George H. W. Bush of Texas. Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen, and Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle.Dukakis carried Washington state with 50.05% of the vote to Bush's 48.46%, a margin of 1.59%. This made Washington one of 10 states (along with the District of Columbia) to vote for Dukakis, even as Bush won a convincing victory nationally. Washington weighed in for this election as over 9% more Democratic than the national average.For decades prior to 1988, Washington had been a swing state, and it had gone Republican in the four preceding elections, even voting for losing Republican candidate Gerald Ford in 1976. But the state's strong Democratic tilt in 1988 portended the political direction the state would take in the modern era. Dukakis's 1988 victory began a Democratic winning streak in Washington state that has never been broken since. Washington's Democratic trend was largely driven by the dramatic shift toward the Democrats among urban and suburban voters that began in the 1980s. While Bush won many rural counties, Dukakis won the two most heavily populated counties in Washington state: King County and Pierce County. King County, home to the city of Seattle and its surrounding suburbs, was and is by far the most heavily populated county in the state, and a bellwether county for the state as a whole. In every presidential election since Washington achieved statehood, the candidate who won King County also won Washington state as a whole. While the city of Seattle had long leaned Democratic, the surrounding suburbs had long leaned Republican, making King County a swing county, and thus Washington state a swing state. In 1976, moderate Republican Gerald Ford had carried Washington state 50-46, while winning King County 51-45. In the 1984 Republican landslide, Ronald Reagan won King County by a 52-47 margin. However Michael Dukakis in 1988 won King County by a 54-45 margin, a raw vote difference of 59,089 votes, providing more than the entire 29,681 raw vote difference by which he carried Washington state as a whole. The 1988 result started a yet-unbroken Democratic winning streak in King County, and would prove to be the start of a long-term dramatic shift toward the Democratic Party in the county and thus in the state as a whole. As the city of Seattle grew, and the suburbs continued abandoning the GOP and increasingly trended Democratic in the 1990s and 2000s, King County would be transformed from a swing county prior to 1988 into a Democratic stronghold; 20 years later, in 2008, Democrat Barack Obama would receive over 70% of the vote in King County. The Democratic dominance in King County that began in 1988 would solidify Washington as a strong blue state in the modern era."@en .corpus388.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/VideoScribe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "VideoScribe is software for creating whiteboard animations automatically.It was launched in 2012 by UK company Sparkol. By April 2014 it had more than 250,000 users in 135 countries around the world.VideoScribe is developed in Adobe Flash and produces QuickTime movies and Flash videos. It is systems-based software that optionally uses cloud-based storage for project files. In addition to Quicktime and Flash video output, scribes can also be rendered to image sequences in JPEG and PNG format.In April 2013, American school children used VideoScribe to create a message for Barack Obama, pleading with the US President to reinstate their tour of the White House after it was cancelled by federal budget cuts. UK Chancellor George Osborne narrated a scribe to explain the Spending Round on the British Government website in June 2013. The following month, VideoScribe was recommended on the BBC News website. The VideoScribe iPad app won Best Mobile/Tablet B2B App at the 2013 MOMA Awards after being nominated in three categories. Mashable have used VideoScribe to make several whiteboard videos for their website.VideoScribe is available as a desktop version, an iPad app and an Android app on Google Play. The desktop version allows a seven day free trial after which users can buy VideoScribe Pro on monthly, yearly or one-off subscriptions, which gives users rights for commercial and resell use. There are multi-user discounts for businesses and education establishments."@en .corpus388.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyce_Spotted_Bear> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alyce Spotted Bear (December 17, 1945 – August 13, 2013) was an American educator and politician.Born in Elbowoods on the Fort Berthold Reservation of the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation, North Dakota, Spotted Wood received her bachelor's degree from Dickinson, North Dakota, her masters from Pennsylvania State University, and studied for her doctorate at Cornell University. Spotted Bear served as chairman of the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Tribe 1982-1987. She was vice president and instructor at the Fort Berthold Community College. In 2010, President Barack Obama appointed Spotted Bear to the National Advisory Committee on Indian Education. She died in Bismarck, North Dakota of cancer."@en .corpus388.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Pavlich> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Katie Pavlich (born July 10, 1988) is an American conservative journalist, primarily known for her work at the online news magazine Townhall.com as well as for authoring the book Fast and Furious: Barack Obama's Bloodiest Scandal and Its Shameless Cover-Up. A National Review Washington Fellow, she's appeared numerous times as a television commentator, notably on the Fox News Channel program The Five."@en .corpus388.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Keohane> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nathaniel O. \"Nat\" Keohane is an American environmental economist who serves as vice president for international climate at the Environmental Defense Fund. He previously was in academia at Yale University and served in the White House as special assistant to President Barack Obama."@en .corpus389.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bipartisan_Student_Loan_Certainty_Act_of_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act of 2013 was a bill signed into law by President Barack Obama on August 9, 2013, which, after more than a month of contentious debate between both parties about higher education and how the government should distribute loans, sets federal student loan rates to financial markets on all DIRECT student loans disbursed on or after July 1, 2013. There are maximum rate caps for Undergrad, Graduate PLUS and Parent PLUS loans. Democrats had originally planned to extend the low 3.4% rate for another 1–2 years but the bill, sponsored by Sen. Jack Reed (D-RI), was filibustered. Republicans in the House created a market-based approach, and the two sides eventually reconciled, after Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Sen. Angus King (I-ME) broke away from the Democratic Caucus to side up with the Republican bill, to prevent undesired gridlock."@en .corpus389.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Bartley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Margaret Bartley is a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims.Bartley received a Bachelor of Arts, cum laude, from Pennsylvania State University in 1981 and a Juris Doctor, cum laude, from the American University Washington College of Law in 1993. She was thereafter a law clerk to Judge Jonathan R. Steinberg of the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. She then worked as a staff attorney, and then senior staff attorney, for the National Veterans Legal Services Program, serving as editor in chief of that organization's quarterly report, and served as Director of Outreach and Education for the Veterans Consortium Pro Bono Program from 2005 to 2012.In 2012, Bartley was nominated by President Barack Obama to a seat on the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on May 24, 2012, on the same day as Coral Wong Pietsch."@en .corpus389.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Osterman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Leslie G. Osterman (born July 29, 1947) is a retired health systems analyst from Wichita, Kansas, who is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives from District 97 in southwestern Wichita County. First elected on November 2, 2010, Osterman lost races for the same seat in 2000 and 2008, when he ran each time as a Democrat.Having switched parties, new Republican Osterman in 2010 unseated the veteran Democratic Representative Dale Swenson, 2,341 (53.8 percent) to 2,007 (46.2 percent). According to Osterman's website, Swenson supported an 18 percent increase in state taxes and a 10 percent hike in the Kansas state budget. Swenson (born c. 1957) opposed the filing of legal challenges to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act signed into law in 2010 by U.S. President Barack Obama."@en .corpus389.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_as_You_Earn_(PAYE)_-_Federal_Student_Loan_Relief_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Pay As You Earn program is a United States federal program that was passed into law on December 21, 2012. It differs from the Income-Based Repayment (IBR) program by lowering the cap of loan payments to 10% instead of 15% and the years of payment to 20 instead of 25. It was the first student debt relief law signed by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus389.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Authorization_for_the_Use_of_Military_Force_Against_the_Government_of_Syria_to_Respond_to_Use_of_Chemical_Weapons> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against the Government of Syria to Respond to Use of Chemical Weapons (S.J.Res 21) is a Senate Joint Resolution that would authorize President Barack Obama to use the American military to intervene in the ongoing Syrian Civil War.  The bill was filed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on September 6, 2013 in a specially scheduled pro forma Senate session that took place during the last week of the August recess.  The bill authorizes only 60 days of military action, with the possibility of a one-time extension of 30 days.  The bill also specifically prohibits the use of ground troops."@en .corpus389.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_reactions_to_the_Ghouta_chemical_attack> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "International reactions to the 2013 Ghouta attacks were widespread. The 21 August 2013 Ghouta attack was a chemical weapons attack in Damascus during the Syrian civil war. United States President Barack Obama said that the U.S. military should strike targets in Syria in retaliation for the government's purported use of chemical weapons—a proposal supported by French President François Hollande but opposed by the Syrian government's closest allies, Russia and Iran. Although the Arab League said it would support military action against Syria in the event of U.N. support, league members Egypt, Iraq, Lebanon, Tunisia and Algeria opposed intervention. On 14 September the U.S. and Russia announced an agreement on the Framework for Elimination of Syrian Chemical Weapons to disarm Syria of its chemical weapons, and Syria agreed to the Chemical Weapons Convention. The United Nations Security Council also passed its Resolution 2118."@en .corpus39.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Geraghty> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jim Geraghty is a conservative blogger and regular contributor to National Review Online and National Review. In addition to writing columns for National Review, Geraghty also blogs for National Review Online and is a former reporter for States News Service. During the 2004 U.S. presidential election, Geraghty was often critical of Democratic Party presidential candidate John Kerry. At the time his weblog used the name \"The Kerry Spot\". It was later renamed \"TKS\".Geraghty reported on the Killian documents and Rathergate stories on a daily basis on behalf of National Review and was critical of CBS and Dan Rather. Geraghty was one of the self described Pajamahadeen. Starting in March 2005, Geraghty posted to TKS from Turkey, where he lived as an expatriate. In January 2007, he moved from TKS to a new blog, originally named \"The Hillary Spot\" [1] but since renamed to \"The Campaign Spot\".Geraghty's book, Voting to Kill: How 9/11 Launched the Era of Republican Leadership (Touchstone, September 2006, ISBN 0-7432-9042-9) argues that national security and safety in the face of terrorist threats is the key issue in U.S. politics.Geraghty frequently mentions his maxim \"All statements from Barack Obama come with an expiration date. All of them.\"  This recurring theme in his writing is sometimes known as \"Geraghty's Rule.\"Geraghty also produces for National Review an email newsletter, The Morning Jolt. The Jolt is a daily round up of news and opinion from around the web, with Geraghty frequently seasoning the topic under discussion with his own opinions."@en .corpus39.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Hankerson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barry Hankerson (born 1946) is an American record producer and manager who founded and ran Blackground Records.  He was once a television producer and a politician in Detroit, Michigan.  He managed and produced The Winans, and was a percussionist on their albums \"Let My People Go\" and \"Decisions\". He also produced Ron Milner's play Don't Get God Started in 1988. He starred in one movie, Pipe Dreams, with his ex-wife. Hankerson also managed Toni Braxton and R. Kelly. Hankerson is working on a collaboration album with Young Money's Drake and Noah \"40\" Shebib. The 16 track album is set to come out by the end of 2012. Barry has been a strong supporter of Barack Obama, contributing heavily to both campaigns and producing a movie on him in 2012 titled The Obama Effect for the newly launched Blackground Pictures. It was directed by Charles S. Dutton and stars him, Katt Williams and Meagan Good. Filming did not go smoothly, when at one point Katt was arrested after being mistaken for breaking into one of Hankerson's houses near Newnan, Georgia where he was staying during his time on set, and stealing jewelry.Hankerson is also known for his commitment to troubled youth, and has made substantial charitable contributions to private organizations that assist those youth in need of intervention. Hankerson's music labels decline to produce music containing lyrics that encourage the use of illicit drugs or irresponsible sexual behavior. Instead, artists signed by Hankerson promote positive ways for youth to succeed and become productive adults in society."@en .corpus390.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streamlining_Claims_Processing_for_Federal_Contractor_Employees_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Streamlining Claims Processing for Federal Contractor Employees Act (H.R. 2747) was signed into law by President Barack Obama on 21 November 2013. It transfers some authority from the Government Accountability Office to the United States Department of Labor in order to streamline the implementation and enforcement of federal contractor wage laws.  Previously, the United States Department of Labor was responsible for implementing the Davis–Bacon Act, \"which requires that federally-contracted workers be paid the 'local prevailing wage' on government projects, and the Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act (CWHSSA), which mandates that federal contractors pay their employees overtime for hours worked in excess of 40 per week.\"  Meanwhile, the Government Accountability Office was responsible for dealing with the claims of workers who did not make the correct wage.  This law was designed to improve efficiency by transferring that responsibility to the Department of Labor."@en .corpus390.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continuing_Appropriations_Act,_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In the United States, the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub.L. 113–46;H.R. 2775) is a law that was used as the vehicle to resolve, for the time being, both the United States federal government shutdown of 2013 and the United States debt-ceiling crisis of 2013. After the Republican-led House of Representatives could not agree on an originating resolution to end the government crisis, as had been agreed, the Democratic-led Senate used bill H.R. 2775 to resolve the impasse, to satisfy the Origination Clause requirement of Article One of the United States Constitution, which requires that revenue bills must originate in the House of Representatives. Traditionally, appropriation bills also originate in the House of Representatives.The original bill H.R. 2775 was introduced into the House of Representatives on July 22, 2013, and was called the No Subsidies Without Verification Act. It sought to declare that no premium tax credits or reductions in cost-sharing for the purchase of qualified health benefit plans under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA, often informally referred to as \"Obamacare\") shall be allowed before the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) certifies to Congress that there is a program in place, consistent with PPACA requirements, that verifies the household income and coverage requirements of individuals applying for such credits and cost-sharing reduction. The bill passed the House on September 12, 2013.On October 16, 2013, the Senate amended the bill, changing its name to the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2014, adding a continuing resolution to fund the government until January 15, 2014, and suspending the U.S. debt ceiling until February 7, 2014, in addition to other matters, while retaining the House's original PPACA verification provision. The Senate passed the bill that evening on a vote of 81–18, and the House also passed it on the same day by a vote of 285–144, and President Barack Obama signed the bill shortly after midnight, on October 17."@en .corpus390.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Bird> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeremy Bird is an American political strategist who has worked for the political campaigns of Barack Obama."@en .corpus390.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/APEC_Indonesia_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The APEC Indonesia 2013 was the 25th annual gathering of APEC leaders. It was held in Bali on 5-7 October 2013. The summit also saw the revival of wearing national dress, which had been explicitly discontinued by US President Barack Obama two years prior."@en .corpus390.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Matz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Debbie Matz is the eighth board chairman of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA). She was appointed by U.S. President Barack Obama. NCUA is an independent federal agency that oversees the United States’ credit union industry, which has more than $1 trillion in assets.  NCUA supervises federal credit unions and operates the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF) that protects deposits up to $250,000 for more than 98 million account holders in all federal credit unions and the overwhelming majority of state-chartered credit unions.As NCUA board chairman, Matz serves as one of ten voting members on the Financial Stability Oversight Council.  Matz also represents NCUA on the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, which she chaired for two years starting in April 2011, and as vice chairman on the board of NeighborWorks America.Prior to becoming NCUA chairman, Matz served on President Obama’s Economic Transition Team.  Previously, she was the executive vice-president and chief operating officer of Andrews Federal Credit Union, an $800 million federal credit union.  From March, 2002, to September, 2005, Matz served as an NCUA board member.  Matz served in the Clinton administration in the U.S. Department of Agriculture, as deputy assistant secretary for administration."@en .corpus390.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Law_113-45> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Public Law 113-45 (formerly H.R. 3095) is an American Act of Congress which requires that the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration go through the standard rulemaking proceeding, allowing comment from the public and the trucking industry, before it sets any requirements for truck drivers related to sleep apnea. It was introduced in the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress and was signed into law by President Barack Obama in October 2013.The law does not making any rulings about what the FMCSA should decide regarding trucking and sleep apnea, but does require the FMCSA to use the formal rulemaking process instead of simply issuing guidance."@en .corpus390.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Samore> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gary Samore is the Executive Director for Research of the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.From 2009 to 2013, he served as President Barack Obama's White House Coordinator for Arms Control and Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD), commonly referred to as the WMD \"czar.\" In the position, Samore \"served as the principal advisor to the President on all matters relating to arms control and the prevention of weapons of mass destruction proliferation and WMD terrorism, and coordinated United States government activities, initiatives, and programs to prevent proliferation and WMD terrorism and promote international arms control efforts.\"From 1996 to 2000, Samore served as Special Assistant to President Bill Clinton and Senior Director for Nonproliferation and Export Controls at the National Security Council.Samore also serves as the president of the advocacy group United Against Nuclear Iran.Samore received his MA and PhD in government from Harvard University in 1984."@en .corpus391.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Influence_and_legacy_of_Swami_Vivekananda> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Swami Vivekananda, the nineteenth-century Indian Hindu monk is considered as one of the most influential people of modern India and Hinduism. Rabindranath Tagore suggested to study Vivekananda's works to learn about India. Indian freedom fighter Subhas Chandra Bose regarded Vivekananda as his spiritual teacher. Mahatma Gandhi said that after reading the works of Vivekananda his love for his nation became a thousand-fold.Barack Obama, the President of the United States quoted Vivekananda's words in his speech delivered in India in November 2010. Jayalalitha, the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu said that Vivekananda inspired her to enter politics. West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said that Vivekananda writings encouraged her in the difficult phases of her political career.Vivekananda's birthday, on 12 January is celebrated as the National Youth Day in India. In 2012, a three-day world conference was organised by the Institute of World Religions to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda to mark the days Vivekananda delivered his historic lectures in 1893. In 2013, Indian railways started Vivek Express, four pairs of express trains as a tribute to Vivekananda on his 150th birth anniversary."@en .corpus391.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_federal_government_shutdown_of_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "From October 1 through 16, 2013, the United States federal government entered a shutdown and curtailed most routine operations because neither legislation appropriating funds for fiscal year 2014 nor a continuing resolution for the interim authorization of appropriations for fiscal year 2014 was enacted in time. Regular government operations resumed October 17 after an interim appropriations bill was signed into law.During the shutdown, approximately 800,000 federal employees were indefinitely furloughed, and another 1.3 million were required to report to work without known payment dates. Only those government services deemed \"excepted\" under the Antideficiency Act were continued; and only those employees deemed \"excepted\" continued to report to work. The previous U.S. federal government shutdown was in 1995–96. The 16-day-long shutdown of October 2013 was the third-longest government shutdown in U.S. history, after the 18-day shutdown in 1978 and the 21-day 1995–96 shutdown.A \"funding-gap\" was created when the two chambers of Congress failed to agree to an appropriations continuing resolution. The Republican-led House of Representatives, in part pressured by conservative senators such as Ted Cruz and conservative groups such as Heritage Action, offered several continuing resolutions with language delaying or defunding the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (commonly known as \"Obamacare\"). The Democratic-led Senate passed several amended continuing resolutions for maintaining funding at then-current sequestration levels with no additional conditions. Political fights over this and other issues between the House on one side and President Barack Obama and the Senate on the other led to a budget impasse which threatened massive disruption.The deadlock centered on the Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2014, which was passed by the House of Representatives on September 20, 2013. The Senate stripped the bill of the measures related to the Affordable Care Act, and passed it in revised form on September 27, 2013. The House reinstated the Senate-removed measures, and passed it again in the early morning hours on September 29. The Senate declined to pass the bill with measures to delay the Affordable Care Act, and the two legislative houses did not develop a compromise bill by the end of September 30, 2013, causing the federal government to shut down due to a lack of appropriated funds at the start of the new 2014 federal fiscal year.Also, on October 1, 2013, many aspects of the Affordable Care Act implementation took effect. The health insurance exchanges created by the Affordable Care Act launched as scheduled on October 1. Much of the Affordable Care Act is funded by previously authorized and mandatory spending, rather than discretionary spending, and the presence or lack of a continuing resolution did not affect it. Some of the law's funds also come from multiple-year and \"no-year\" discretionary funds that are not affected by a lack of a continuing resolution. Late in the evening of October 16, 2013, Congress passed the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2014, and the President signed it shortly after midnight on October 17, ending the government shutdown and suspending the debt limit until February 7, 2014."@en .corpus391.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mayor's_Life> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "A Mayor's Life: Governing New York's Gorgeous Mosaic is the autobiography of New York City's 106th mayor, David N. Dinkins, co-authored with Peter Knobler. Published in 2013 by PublicAffairs Books, the autobiography recounts the life and career of David Norman Dinkins, who defeated Ed Koch and Rudy Giuliani to become mayor of New York. The New York Times called it a \"moving...inspiring account of New York's first black mayor.\" Set against the backdrop of the rise of Harlem's influence on city politics, which produced several state and national black leaders and energized the base that ultimately led to the election of President Barack Obama, A Mayor's Life deals with Dinkins' childhood in Trenton, NJ, his service in the U.S. Marine Corps, his education at Howard University and Brooklyn Law School, his political career beginning at the Carver Democratic Club and moving through jobs as City Clerk and Manhattan borough president to his election as mayor. Dinkins discusses his administration's successes, including an historic decrease in the city's crime rate; the cleanup of Times Square; the restoration of dilapidated housing in Northern Harlem, the South Bronx and Brooklyn; the deal to keep the US Tennis Open in New York City, which Mayor Michael Bloomberg has called \"the only good athletic sports stadium deal, not just in New York but in the country\"; and the hosting of Nelson Mandela on the South African diplomat's first international visit after being freed from prison. He also discusses its difficulties."@en .corpus391.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaceful_War> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peaceful War: How the Chinese Dream and the American Destiny Create a Pacific New World Order is a book written by Patrick Mendis. It provides an epic analysis of the unfolding drama between the clashing forces of the Chinese dream and the American Dream. The foreword to the book is written by Jack Goldstone, the Virginia and John Hazel Professor of Public Policy at George Mason University.In 2012, Professor Mendis coined the new term \"Pacific Dream\" to describe possible outcomes resulting from the interface between the Sino-American policies and initiatives of President Barack Obama and President Xi Jinping that resonate with the American Dream and the Chinese dream. In April 2013, US Secretary of State John Kerry officially unveiled President Obama's vision of the \"Pacific Dream\" to deliver mutual benefits among all stakeholders in the region.The themes of Mendis' book are seemingly drawn from ideas expressed during his extensive study and lecture tours in 2012 and 2013 at prestigious universities and institutions in China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, and elsewhere in Asia and America. These include the lectures at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing and the Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou. His other related publications appeared in the Yale Journal of International Affairs, the Columbia University's Journal of International Affairs, the Minnesota Post, as well as the South China Morning Post in Hong Kong."@en .corpus391.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Policy_Directive_20> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Presidential Policy Directive 20 (PPD-20), provides a framework for U.S. cybersecurity by establishing principles and processes. Signed by President Barack Obama in October 2012, this directive supersedes National Security Presidential Directive NSPD-38. Integrating cyber tools with those of national security, the directive complements NSPD-54/Homeland Security Presidential Directive HSPD-23.Classified and unreleased by the National Security Agency (NSA), NSPD-54 was authorized by George W. Bush. It gives the U.S. government power to conduct surveillance through monitoring."@en .corpus391.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Trust_a_Liberal_Over_3—Especially_a_Republican> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Never Trust a Liberal Over 3—Especially a Republican is the tenth book by best-selling author and conservative columnist Ann Coulter, published on October 14, 2013. The majority of the book's content is collections of Coulter's more recent columns. The columns are grouped by theme in 18 chapters. The first chapter and the introductions to each chapter following are original content. The columns cover a wide range of topics, including infighting in the Republican Party, the Democratic Party's historical connections to the KKK, controversy over Elizabeth Warren's Cherokee heritage, Barack Obama's relationship with the American news media, criticisms of Marco Rubio's immigration overhaul proposals, gun control, abortion, crime, and airport security.In an interview with NewsBusters's Noel Sheppard, Coulter revealed that she prefers her books of new material that tackle one subject to have one-word main titles (Slander, Treason, Godless, Mugged, etc.). Collections like How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must), If Democrats Had Any Brains, They'd Be Republicans, and Never Trust a Liberal Over 3—Especially a Republican have longer titles."@en .corpus391.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victims_of_Child_Abuse_Act_Reauthorization_Act_of_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Victims of Child Abuse Act Reauthorization Act of 2013 (S. 1799; Pub.L. 113–163) is a bill that would reauthorize the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 and would authorize funding through 2018 to help child abuse victims. The funding is directed to Children's Advocacy Centers (CACs).The bill was introduced into the United States Senate during the 113th United States Congress. It was signed into law on August 8, 2014 by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus392.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Weather_Service_Norman,_Oklahoma> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "National Weather Service - Norman, Oklahoma (OUN), is the local National Weather Service Weather Forecast Office (WFO) for central and most of western Oklahoma, with the exception of the panhandle. The office in Norman currently operates a WSR-88D (NEXRAD) radar system. OUN has received widespread recognition from local media, especially concerning certain weather conditions that are or are forecast to occur. It has also received attention from national media, and was even recognized and visited by United States President Barack Obama. The office manages three different local Doppler weather radars: one in Oklahoma City (TLX) in Central Oklahoma, one in Southwestern Oklahoma in Frederick (FDR), and one in northern Oklahoma at Vance Air Force Base (VNX). It is located on campus of the University of Oklahoma in the National Weather Center, where it acts as one of the NOAA Weather Partners, a group of close-together weather-related agencies of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Currently, the Meteorologist In Charge is David Andra."@en .corpus392.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_Shemtov> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rabbi Levi Shemtov is the Executive Vice President of American Friends of Lubavitch (Chabad). He serves the Jewish community of Washington, D.C., and the daily governmental and diplomatic needs of the international Chabad-Lubavitch movement, the world's largest and fastest growing Jewish network of educational and social service institutions, with over 3,500 centers in 49 states and over 80 countries.He maintains close relationships with numerous members of the United States Congress, senior Administration officials and leaders in the international community, including a number of heads of state and government. Rabbi Shemtov chairs the organizing committee of the International Chabad-Lubavitch Conference - Living Legacy, which facilitates high-level interaction between rabbis and communal leadership from around the globe and prominent US and international figures in the arenas of government, diplomacy, academia and the arts.Shemtov is the founder and spiritual leader of TheSHUL of the Nation’s Capital. TheSHUL offers a unique place for Jewish life, regardless of formal affiliation, children's programs, Torah study programs and celebrations of Shabbat and Jewish holidays. He has also been dubbed numerous times as \"the rabbi of Capitol Hill\", \"a Washington institution\", \"one of the most unlikely players in the nation's capital\" \"a fixture on the diplomatic circuit\" and \"one of the most savvy politicos in town\".Programs he organizes include several signature events such as the annual lighting ceremony of the National Chanukah Menorah drawing thousands to The Ellipse (across from the White House) every year, and seen by millions more via various media and the internet. In 2012, for example, the total TV viewership - in the US alone - was close to 50 million. Shemtov appreciates technology, being one of the first to bring the Chanukah celebration on-line.In addition, he founded and directs the Capitol Jewish Forum, which is the largest (apolitical) Jewish group on Capitol Hill, designed to \"create and enhance a sense of identity and community among Jewish Congressional staffers and members of Congress\" and which enjoys strong support of the Leadership and members of both parties in the US Senate and House of Representatives. Rabbi Shemtov is often at the White House, Pentagon, United States Department of State and other venues in official Washington, seen by many as an effective, bipartisan unifier and premier Jewish resource. He has overseen the koshering of the White House for the celebration of Jewish American Heritage Month and Chanukah in the administrations of George W. Bush and Barack Obama.He resides in Washington, D.C., with his wife, Nechama (Feldman), and their seven children."@en .corpus392.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_R._Wolf> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Milton R. Wolf is an American physician. He is a Tea Party movement-aligned activist who ran against incumbent Kansas U.S. Senator Pat Roberts  for the Republican Party nomination in the 2014 United States Senate election. On August 5, 2014, Wolf was defeated by Roberts, but held him under fifty percent.  The final percentages were Roberts 48% and Wolf 41%.Wolf is a board-certified diagnostic radiologist and is President Barack Obama's second cousin, once removed.  He is a regular columnist for The Washington Times and has appeared as a conservative commentator on shows including Hannity, Fox & Friends, and The Rush Limbaugh Show."@en .corpus392.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Gifford> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rufus Gifford is an American diplomat. He is serving as the United States Ambassador to Denmark, and was the Finance Director for Barack Obama's presidential re-election campaign in 2012. On August 1, 2013, Gifford's nomination from President Obama to be the next United States Ambassador to Denmark was confirmed by the United States Senate and he was sworn into the role on August 15, 2013."@en .corpus393.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vishakha_N._Desai> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dr. Vishakha N. Desai is an Asia scholar with a focus on art, culture, policy, and women’s rights. She currently serves as Special Advisor for Global Affairs to the President of Columbia University and Professor of Professional Practice at the School of International and Public Affairs.  She also serves as Senior Advisor for Global Programs to the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation and is President Emerita of the Asia Society (2004 – 2012). In recognition of her leadership in the museum field, President Barack Obama appointed her to serve on the National Commission on Museums and Libraries in 2012. Dr. Desai has been recognized as one of the Most Powerful Women in New York by Crains and for her Distinguished Service to the Visual Arts by ArtTable. She is a recipient of five honorary degrees from Centre College, Pace University, the College of Staten Island, Susquehanna University, and Williams College."@en .corpus393.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Entrepreneurs'_Day> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "National Entrepreneurs’ Day is an American holiday held in November that celebrates the American men and women who promote entrepreneurship, business, innovation, and new jobs. The holiday falls on the last day of Global Entrepreneurship Week during National Entrepreneurship Month.National Entrepreneurs’ Day was started in 2010 by David Hauser and Siamak Taghaddos, co-founders of Grasshopper, the entrepreneur’s phone system, and Amir Tehrani, entrepreneur and co-founder of The Legacy Foundation. The concept came to fruition after the group went to the White House to discuss Startup America and the Presidential Innovation Fellows, both government programs that support innovation and entrepreneurship. The Kauffman Foundation also supports this endeavor.Believing that entrepreneurs can fuel American progress and should be recognized each November, these leaders publicized the initiative and campaigned for the holiday by sending letters to Congress. They also created a video campaign called “Entrepreneurs Can Change the World.”In 2012, President Barack Obama declared November of that year as National Entrepreneurship Month and to celebrate November 6, 2012 as National Entrepreneurs’ Day.  Supporters of National Entrepreneurs' Day are trying to make it an official US holiday that will fall on the third Tuesday of every Number through legislation.Entrepreneurs are encouraged to thank mentors, give funding and advice, and spread the word on this day."@en .corpus394.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Down:_Game_Change_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Double Down: Game Change 2012 is a book written by political journalists John Heilemann and Mark Halperin about the 2012 United States presidential election, in which Barack Obama was re-elected as President of the United States, defeating Mitt Romney. The book, published by Penguin Press, is a behind-the-scenes narrative of the Obama and Romney campaigns. It is the sequel to Game Change, which explored the 2008 United States presidential election. Double Down was released on November 5, 2013."@en .corpus394.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Years_of_Living_Dangerously> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Years of Living Dangerously is a 9-part Showtime documentary television series focusing on climate change that premiered on April 13, 2014. James Cameron, Jerry Weintraub, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and clean energy investor and environmental activist Daniel Abbasi are executive producers of the series. Joel Bach and David Gelber, former 60 Minutes producers, are co-creators of the series as well as executive producers. Joseph Romm and Heidi Cullen are the chief science advisors. The show won an Emmy Award as Outstanding Documentary or Nonfiction Series.The weekly episodes feature celebrity investigators, who each have a history of environmental activism, and well-known journalists, each of whom have a background in environmental reportage. These \"correspondents\" travel to areas around the world and throughout the U.S. affected by global warming to interview experts and ordinary people affected by, and seeking solutions to, the impacts of climate change. They act as proxies for the audience, asking questions to find out people's opinions and to discover the scientific evidence. The celebrities include Harrison Ford, Matt Damon, Ian Somerhalder, Jessica Alba, Don Cheadle, America Ferrera, Michael C. Hall, Olivia Munn and Schwarzenegger.  The journalists include Lesley Stahl, Thomas Friedman, Chris Hayes and Mark Bittman. The final episode includes Friedman's interview of President Barack Obama.Schwarzenegger reflected on how the series tried to make the issue of climate change one that would resonate with the public: \"I think the environmental movement only can be successful if we are simple and clear and make it a human story. We will tell human stories in this project. The scientists would never get the kind of attention that someone in show business gets.\" Cameron elaborated: \"We didn’t use our celebrities as talking head experts, because they’re not climate experts. They were concerned, intelligent, curious citizens who were out to find answers. They were functioning as journalists.\" Newsweek said that the celebrity reporters \"lend sparks to an issue that sends most viewers for the exits\"."@en .corpus394.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sethuraman_Panchanathan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sethuraman Panchanathan (born June 24, 1961) is the Senior Vice President for Knowledge Enterprise Development at Arizona State University (ASU). He is also Director of the Center for Cognitive Ubiquitous Computing (CUbiC), Foundation Chair of Computing and Informatics at ASU and Professor in ASU’s School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems Engineering (CIDSE), part of the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering. On June 13, 2014 he was nominated by President Barack Obama as a member of the National Science Board of National Science Foundation."@en .corpus394.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_of_Muhammad_Yunus> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The trial of Muhammad Yunus is a The Times of India news article, depicting the series of trials launched by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh against Muhammad Yunus, a Nobel Peace Prize–winning economist known for his two theories, microcredit and social business, and for his work through Grameen Bank that has helped millions of poor women break the cycle of poverty. It tells the story of how the former put the latter on trial in 2010 and ultimately removed him from Grameen Bank, citing that he was too old to run the Bank which he founded in 1983. It also states that, in 2013, she put him on trial for a second time because he had supposedly received his earnings without the necessary permission from her government, including his Nobel Peace Prize earnings and the royalties from his book sales. The article claims that this series of trials against Yunus has puzzled billions of people around the world, from the 8.3 million underprivileged women of Grameen Bank to U.S. President Barack Obama. Likening Hasina's political vendetta against Yunus to a modern-day replay of the conflict between Archimedes and General Marcellus, the article predicts that the “banker to the poor” may face a fate similar to the father of mathematics for asking Hasina not to disturb the Grameen Bank.Vikas Bajaj wrote in New York Times on Nov 7, 2013:\" The government of Bangladesh has played its trump card in its long-running campaign against  Grameen Bank and its founder Muhammad Yunus. Last week, legislators passed a law that effectively nationalizes the bank, which pioneered the idea of making small loans to poor women, by wresting control of it from the 8.4 million rural women that own a majority of its shares"@en .corpus395.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Massad> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Timothy George \"Tim\" Massad (born July 30, 1956) is an American lawyer and government official who is Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). Formerly he was Assistant Secretary for Financial Stability at the United States Department of the Treasury, where he oversaw the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) created by the U.S. government in response to the financial crisis of 2007–08.Massad earned his undergraduate degree at Harvard University in 1978. After stints working for Ralph Nader and the AFL–CIO, he returned to Harvard to earn a law degree in 1981. He then began a 25-year career as a corporate lawyer at the firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore, where he became an expert on corporate finance and derivatives.Massad briefly joined the staff of TARP's Congressional Oversight Panel before moving to the Office of Financial Stability as chief counsel. In September 2010 he was named acting Assistant Secretary for Financial Stability. The U.S. Senate confirmed him to the position in June 2011. In November 2013, President Barack Obama nominated him to be CFTC chairman. The Senate confirmed him in June 2014."@en .corpus395.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Anne_Wind_Campbell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Piper Anne Wind Campbell is an American diplomat.  She currently serves as the 9th U.S. Ambassador to Mongolia.Campbell was born in Buffalo, New York, in 1966, the daughter of Gay and David N. Campbell.   She attended Nichols School in Buffalo and was inspired to pursue a career in the Foreign Service after a study abroad program in Japan.  She obtained a bachelor's degree from Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in 1988 and joined the Foreign Service in 1989.   Campbell's early assignments included Manila, Brussels, the State Department's Operations Center in Washington, DC, and the Department's Bureau of International Organization Affairs.  In 1996 she joined the civil affairs section of a United Nations peacekeeping mission in eastern Croatia and helped open an office of the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) in Eastern Slavonia, Croatia.In 1999 Campbell took a year's leave to pursue a Master’s degree in Public Administration from the Harvard Kennedy School.Campbell went on to work at the U.S. Missions to the United Nations in New York (1999-2002) and Geneva (2002-2006).  From 2006 to 2009 she was the Deputy Chief of Mission in Phnom Penh, Cambodia where she spent almost five months as chargé d'affaires ad interim from August 25, 2008, to January 19, 2009.  She then became Chief of Staff to the first-ever Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources Jacob J. Lew (the current Treasury Secretary), and his successor Thomas R. Nides.  From June 2011-June 2012, Ms. Campbell served as the senior civilian representative of the U.S. government in southern Iraq, opening Consulate General Basra on July 5, 2011. President Barack Obama nominated Campbell as U.S. Ambassador to Mongolia on March 5. 2012 and the U.S. Senate confirmed her on June 29, 2012. She was sworn in on August 6, 2012 and presented her credentials to President Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj on August 24, 2012.Campbell's focus as Ambassador to Mongolia has been \"steering the U.S. government interaction with Mongolia, driving that relationship through a change, a transition.\"    She has stated that there are three main areas upon which she would like to strengthen ties between the U.S. and Mongolia; broadening commercial development, military and development cooperation, and cultural cooperation."@en .corpus395.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Lands_Jobs_and_Energy_Security_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act (H.R. 1965) is a bill that would require the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) to establish certain fees for activities related to the development of oil and gas on federal lands. A portion of those amounts along with a portion of fees from renewable energy projects on federal lands would be available to the agency, subject to appropriation, to cover the costs of activities aimed at increasing energy development on federal lands. The bill also would exempt lawsuits related to energy production on federal lands from the Equal Access to Justice Act (EAJA). In addition, the legislation would require the BLM to offer for sale at least 25 percent of onshore federal lands nominated by firms for oil and gas leasing. It was introduced in the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress.  President Barack Obama threatened to veto the bill on November 19, 2013."@en .corpus395.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramón_Saldívar> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Román Saldívar is a Chicano studies and comparative literature professor at Stanford University.Ramón Saldívar (born 1949) is a Mexican-American author, teacher and researcher of cultural studies and Chicano literature. He is currently a professor at Stanford University, and received the National Humanities Medal from President Barack Obama in 2012."@en .corpus396.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Costos> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Costos (Lowell, Massachusetts, 1963) is the current United States Ambassador to Spain and Andorra. He was appointed by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the United States Senate on August 1, 2013."@en .corpus396.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_surveillance_disclosures_(2013–present)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ongoing news reports in the international media have revealed operational details about the United States National Security Agency (NSA) and its international partners' global surveillance of foreign nationals and U.S. citizens. The reports mostly emanate from a cache of top secret documents leaked by ex-NSA contractor Edward Snowden, who obtained them  while working for Booz Allen Hamilton, one of the largest contractors for defense and intelligence in the United States. In addition to a trove of U.S. federal documents, Snowden's cache reportedly contains thousands of Australian, British and Canadian intelligence files that he had accessed via the exclusive \"Five Eyes\" network. In June 2013, the first of Snowden's documents were published simultaneously by The Washington Post and The Guardian, attracting considerable public attention. The disclosure continued throughout 2013, and a small portion of the estimated full cache of 1.7 million documents was later published by other media outlets worldwide, most notably The New York Times, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, Der Spiegel (Germany), O Globo (Brazil), Le Monde (France), L'espresso (Italy), NRC Handelsblad (the Netherlands), Dagbladet (Norway), El País (Spain), and Sveriges Television (Sweden).These media reports have shed light on the implications of several secret treaties signed by members of the UKUSA community in their efforts to implement global surveillance. For example, Der Spiegel revealed how the German Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND) transfers \"massive amounts of intercepted data to the NSA\", while Swedish Television revealed the National Defence Radio Establishment (FRA) provided the NSA with data from its cable collection, under a secret treaty signed in 1954 for bilateral cooperation on surveillance. Other security and intelligence agencies involved in the practice of global surveillance include those in Australia (ASD), Britain (GCHQ), Canada (CSEC), Denmark (PET), France (DGSE), Germany (BND), Italy (AISE), the Netherlands (AIVD), Norway (NIS), Spain (CNI), Switzerland (NDB), as well as Israel (ISNU), which receives raw, unfiltered data of U.S. citizens that is shared by the NSA.On June 14, 2013, United States prosecutors charged Edward Snowden with espionage and theft of government property. In late July 2013, he was granted a one year temporary asylum by the Russian government, contributing to a deterioration of Russia–United States relations. On August 6, 2013, U.S. President Barack Obama made a public appearance on national television where he reassured Americans that \"We don't have a domestic spying program\" and \"There is no spying on Americans\". Towards the end of October 2013, the British Prime Minister David Cameron warned The Guardian not to publish any more leaks, or it will receive a DA-Notice. Currently, a criminal investigation of the disclosure is being undertaken by Britain's Metropolitan Police Service. In December 2013, The Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger said: \"We have published I think 26 documents so far out of the 58,000 we've seen.\"The extent to which the media reports have responsibly informed the public is disputed.  In January 2014 Obama said that \"the sensational way in which these disclosures have come out has often shed more heat than light\" and critics such as Sean Wilentz have noted that many of the Snowden documents released do not concern domestic surveillance. In its first assessment of these disclosures, The Pentagon concluded that Snowden committed the biggest \"theft\" of U.S. secrets in the history of the United States. Sir David Omand, a former director of GCHQ, described Snowden's disclosure as the \"most catastrophic loss to British intelligence ever\"."@en .corpus396.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bala_Ghimire> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bala Ghimire is social worker and philanthropist who received a prestigious award from Barack Obama for his work in social issues in the United States."@en .corpus396.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reactions_to_global_surveillance_disclosures> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The global surveillance disclosure released to media by Edward Snowden has caused tension in the bilateral relations of the United States with several of its allies and economic partners as well as in its relationship with the European Union. In August 2013, U.S. President Barack Obama announced the creation of \"a review group on intelligence and communications technologies\" that would brief and later report to him. In December, the task force issued 46 recommendations that, if adopted, would subject the National Security Agency (NSA) to additional scrutiny by the courts, Congress, and the president, and would strip the NSA of the authority to infiltrate American computer systems using \"backdoors\" in hardware or software. Geoffrey R. Stone, a panel member, said there was no evidence that the bulk collection of phone data had stopped any terror attacks.U.S. Army General Keith B. Alexander, then director of the NSA, said in June 2013, \"These leaks have caused significant and irreversible damage to our nation's security.\" He added that \"the irresponsible release of classified information about these programs will have a long-term detrimental impact on the intelligence community's ability to detect future attacks.\"In June 2014, Alexander's recently installed successor as the NSA's director, U.S. Navy Admiral Michael S. Rogers, said that while some terrorist groups had altered their communications to avoid surveillance techniques revealed by Snowden, the damage done overall did not lead him to conclude that \"the sky is falling.\" Conceding there was no absolute protection against leaks by a dedicated insider with access to the agency's networks, Rogers said the NSA must nevertheless \"ensure that the volume\" of data taken by Snowden \"can't be stolen again.\""@en .corpus396.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Pet_Goat_II> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "I, Pet Goat II is a 2012 Canadian animated short film written, directed, produced and edited by Louis Lefebvre. The film features a commentary on American society and politics, particularly the agendas of presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, with allusions of Biblical theology and Egyptian imagery in a post-apocalyptic setting. The title is a reference to The Pet Goat (often erroneously titled \"My Pet Goat\"), the book children at Emma Booker School in Sarasota, Florida read to President Bush at the time of the September 11 attacks which ends stating \"more to come\". The film is known for its strong use of cryptic symbolism and the conspiracy allusions."@en .corpus396.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wage_ratio> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In economics, the wage ratio refers to the ratio of the top salaries in a group (company, city, country, etc.) to the bottom salaries.  It is a measure of wage dispersion.There has been a resurgence for the importance of equitable wage ratio. The amount of money paid out to executives has steadily been on the rise. \"An April 2013 study by Bloomberg finds that large public company CEOs were paid an average of 204 times the compensation of rank-and-file workers in their industries.  By comparison, it is estimated that the average CEO was paid about 20 times the typical worker’s pay in the 1950s, with that multiple rising to 42-to-1 in 1980, and to 120-to-1 in 2000\". While not as extreme, similar trends have been observed around the world.With the wage ratio steadily climbing, there has been a push to have increase transparency in publicizing the ratio for many of the world's largest companies. In 2010 President Barack Obama signed into effect the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. In short, Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Act changed the regulation regarding CEO compensation disclosure to shareholders.In addition to the move of the Securities and Exchange Commission, there have been a number of movement around to the world to attempt to regulate the pay ratio of executives.Switzerland - 1:12 Initiative: Swiss referendum on September 24, 2013 in an attempt to create legislation limiting the amount of executive to just 12 times that of the lowest paid workers.Canada: The Wagemark Foundation, a Toronto-based not-for-profit organization is working to create an international wage standard certifying organizations that can prove they operate with a wage ratio of 8:1 or lower.Spain: The Spanish Socialist Workers Party, the official Spanish opposition party, is adopting a ratio as part of their official policy."@en .corpus397.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaimie_Warren> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jaimie Warren (born 1980) is an American photographer and performance artist who is based in Kansas City, Missouri and New York City. She is also the co-creator and co-director of Whoop Dee Doo, a non-profit faux public access television show that creates large-scale commissioned projects for museums and festivals.From 2000 to 2012, Warren worked to aid the growth of the Kansas City, Missouri art community, curating numerous exhibitions, public events and youth-oriented programs and classes. Warren worked with and received support from organizations such as the Charlotte Street Foundation, Review Magazine, ArtsKC, Artist, Inc., The Gallucci Creative Fund, The Lighton International Artist Exchange Program, and Studios, Inc. In 2011, Warren received a United States Presidential Scholars Program Teacher Recognition Award presented by Barack Obama in Washington, D.C."@en .corpus397.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bipartisan_Budget_Act_of_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (H.J.Res. 59; Pub.L. 113–67) is a federal statute concerning spending and the budget in the United States, that was signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 26, 2013.  On December 10, 2013, pursuant to the provisions of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2014 calling for a joint budget conference to work on possible compromises, Representative Paul Ryan and Senator Patty Murray announced a compromise that they had agreed to after extended discussions between them.  The law raises the sequestration caps for fiscal years 2014 and 2015, in return for extending the imposition of the caps into 2022 and 2023, and miscellaneous savings elsewhere in the budget.  Overall, the bill is projected to lower the deficit by $23 billion over the long term.  In forming the deal behind the bill that was passed, Ryan and Murray explicitly avoided trying to find a \"grand bargain\", in which Democrats would buy into reduced entitlements spending while Republicans would agree to higher tax rates, as several past negotiations along such lines had failed.  Instead, in Ryan's words, negotiations sought to \"focus on common ground ... to get some minimal accomplishments.\"  The deal did represent a rare example of bipartisanship during this period and promised to end for a while the last-minute, crisis-driven budget battles that had consumed Congress for much of the prior three years."@en .corpus397.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2014_State_of_the_Union_Address> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2014 State of the Union Address was given by President Barack Obama on Tuesday, January 28, 2014, in the chamber of the United States House of Representatives.  It was addressed to the 113th United States Congress, and the Senate was present.  According to tradition, House Speaker John Boehner invited the president on December 13 to address a joint session of Congress.  White House Press Secretary Jay Carney confirmed the president's attendance later that day."@en .corpus398.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darci_Vetter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ambassador Darci Vetter is Chief Agricultural Negotiator for the U.S. Trade Representative. Prior to this she served as Deputy Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services, which position she held from 2010 to 2014.  According to her official biography,  From 2007 to 2010, she was an International Trade Advisor on the U.S. Senate Committee on Finance.  Prior to working in the Senate, Ms. Vetter held numerous roles at the Office of the United States Trade Representative, including Director for Agricultural Affairs from 2005 to 2007 and Director for Sustainable Development from 2001 to 2005.  Prior to that, she was Special Assistant to the Under Secretary for Management at the U.S. Department of State from 2000 to 2001.  Ms. Vetter received a B.A. from Drake University and an M.P.A. and Certificate in Science, Technology, and Environmental Policy from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University.According to her USDA official biographic sketch, Ms. Vetter \"...grew up in Nebraska on a family farm.\"On December 17, 2013, President Barack Obama nominated her to be Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, and the Senate confirmed her for that position by a voice vote on July 9, 2014."@en .corpus398.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_Authorization_Act_for_Fiscal_Year_2014_(S._1197)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (S. 1197) is a bill that would authorize over $600 billion worth of defense spending over fiscal year 2014. It was introduced into the United States Senate during the 113th United States Congress. The bill did not pass the Senate before the end of the year. Instead, a version introduced in the United States House of Representatives, National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 H.R. 3304, was passed by both the House and Senate, then signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 26, 2013."@en .corpus398.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pajama_Boy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Pajama Boy\" is a derisive term for a photograph posted online in 2013 by the American political organization Organizing for Action (OFA) of one of its employees, Ethan Krupp, in support of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, otherwise known as Obamacare. The photo was posted on December 17, 2013 by the organization,which advocates for the legislative agenda of President Barack Obama, from President Obama's own Twitter account. It was part of a general campaign to get younger Americans to sign up for the health insurance program. The photo showed Krupp wearing thick-rimmed glasses, wearing black-and-red plaid onesie pajamas, and cradling a mug. The accompanying text read: \"Wear pajamas. Drink hot chocolate. Talk about getting health insurance. #GetTalking.\" The tweet linked to the OFA website http://www.barackobama.com/health-care-holidays, which encourages individuals to discuss Obamacare during the holiday season with those family members that are uninsured, and encourage them to sign up. The tweet and pajama-clad man featured in it were quickly dubbed \"Pajama Boy\", and mocked across social media, particularly by conservatives."@en .corpus399.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Nesbitt_(businessman)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Martin \"Marty\" Nesbitt is a U. S. businessman who is the founder and chief executive officer of The Parking Spot, a Chicago-based airport parking company. He also served on the board of the Chicago Housing Authority. Nesbitt is a close personal friend of U. S. President Barack Obama and was the campaign treasurer during Obama's 2008 presidential campaign."@en .corpus399.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_the_presidency_of_Barack_Obama_(2014)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama, from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2014. For his time as President-elect, see the Presidential transition of Barack Obama; for a detailed account of his first months in office, see First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency; and for a complete itinerary of his travels, see List of presidential trips made by Barack Obama."@en .corpus399.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerd_F._Glang> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rear Admiral Gerd F. Glang, NOAA is the director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Office of Coast Survey. In this position, he also serves as the U.S. National Hydrographer. He was appointed by Acting Secretary of Commerce Rebecca Blank on August 14, 2012, after nomination by President Barack Obama, and confirmation by the U.S. Senate.The Office of Coast Survey is the Nation’s nautical chartmaker. With a history stretching back to 1807, when President Thomas Jefferson asked for a survey of the young Nation’s coast, the office serves America’s maritime trade, fishing fleets, and recreational sailors. Responsible for surveying and charting America’s coastal and territorial waters as well as the Great Lakes, Coast Survey’s hydrographic data, nautical products, research, and navigational services form an essential foundation for ocean transportation and the maritime economy."@en .corpus399.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_O'Rielly> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael O’Rielly was nominated for a seat on the Federal Communications Commission by President Barack Obama on August 1, 2013  and was confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate on October 29, 2013. He was sworn into office on November 4, 2013. His term ended on June 30, 2014."@en .corpus4.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigo_County,_Indiana> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Vigo County (/ˈviːɡoʊ/ US dict: vē′·gō or /ˈvaɪɡoʊ/ US dict: vī′·gō) is a county located along the western border of the U.S. state of Indiana. According to the 2010 census, the population was 107,848. The county seat is Terre Haute.Vigo County is included in the Terre Haute, Indiana, Metropolitan Statistical Area.The county contains four incorporated settlements with a total population of nearly 63,000, as well as several unincorporated communities.  It is divided into twelve townships which provide local services to the residents.The county is one of the best bellwether regions for voting in U.S. presidential elections; it has voted for the winning candidate in every election since 1956 and in all but two elections since 1892. It continued the trend in 2012, voting for President Barack Obama by only a  half point margin."@en .corpus4.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Shepard> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Matthew Wayne \"Matt\" Shepard (December 1, 1976 – October 12, 1998) was an American student at the University of Wyoming who was beaten, tortured and left to die near Laramie, Wyoming on the night of October 6, 1998, and died six days later at Poudre Valley Hospital in Fort Collins, Colorado, on October 12, from severe head injuries.Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson were arrested shortly after the attack and charged with murder following Shepard's death. Significant media coverage was given to what role Shepard's sexual orientation played in the killing. During McKinney's pretrial and trial, testimony was given that the pair had pretended to be gay in order to gain Shepard's trust in order to rob him. McKinney's prosecutor argued the murder was premeditated and driven by greed, while McKinney's defense counsel argued that McKinney had only intended to rob Shepard, but had killed him in a rage when Shepard made a sexual advance. McKinney's girlfriend told police that he had been motivated by anti-gay sentiment, but later recanted her statement, saying that she had lied because she thought it would help him. Both McKinney and Henderson were convicted of the murder and each sentenced to two consecutive life sentences.Shepard's murder brought national and international attention to hate crime legislation at the state and federal levels. In October 2009, the United States Congress passed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act (commonly the \"Matthew Shepard Act\" or \"Shepard/Byrd Act\" for short), and on October 28, 2009, President Barack Obama signed the legislation into law. Following her son's murder, Matthew's mother Judy Shepard became a prominent LGBT rights activist and established the Matthew Shepard Foundation. Shepard's death inspired notable films, novels, plays, songs, and other works."@en .corpus4.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouachita_County,_Arkansas> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ouachita County (/ˈwɑːʃɨtɑː/ WAH-shi-tah) is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 26,120. The county seat is Camden. The county was formed on November 29, 1842, and named for the Ouachita River.Ouachita County is part of the Camden, AR Micropolitan Statistical Area.The county is a former Democratic Party stronghold and the home of the Pryor family, which includes two U.S. senators, David Pryor (1978–1997) and his son Mark Pryor (elected 2002). The elder Pryor is also a former Arkansas governor and congressman.  In 1972, U.S. President Richard M. Nixon became the first Republican presidential nominee in the 20th Century to win a majority in Ouachita County. Much later, in the 2008 presidential election, U.S. Senator John S. McCain won the county by nearly ten percentage votes over Senator Barack Obama, following  President George W. Bush's victory over Senator John F. Kerry in 2004.The county is served by a daily newspaper, The Camden News."@en .corpus4.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Vilsack> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Thomas James \"Tom\" Vilsack (/ˈvɪlsæk/; born December 13, 1950) is an American politician who has served as the United States Secretary of Agriculture since 2009. A member of the Democratic Party, Vilsack served as the 40th Governor of Iowa from 1999 to 2007.On November 30, 2006, he formally launched his candidacy for the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States in the 2008 election, but ended his bid on February 23, 2007.Barack Obama announced Vilsack's selection to be Secretary of Agriculture under his administration on December 17, 2008. Vilsack's nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate by unanimous consent on January 20, 2009."@en .corpus4.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey_Route_52> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Route 52 is a state highway in the southern part of the U.S. state of New Jersey. The highway runs 2.74 mi (4.41 km) from Palen Avenue in  Ocean City, Cape May County north  to U.S. Route 9 (New Road) in Somers Point, Atlantic County. It is composed mostly of a series of four-lane undivided bridges over Great Egg Harbor Bay from Ocean City to Somers Point known as the Howard S. Stainton Memorial Causeway, also known as the Ninth Street Bridge. The remainder of the route is a four-lane undivided surface road called MacArthur Boulevard that runs from the causeway to U.S. Route 9. This section of the route formerly included the Somers Point Circle, now a traffic light, where Route 52 intersects County Route 559 and County Route 585.Route 52 was originally designated in 1937 to run from the Somers Point Circle northwest to Mays Landing. This routing never came about and in 1953, Route 52 was designated onto its current alignment. County Route 585 ran concurrent with the route south of the Somers Point Circle until 1971, when it was truncated to end at the Somers Point Circle. The circle was removed in 2010 as part of the bridge reconstruction. In 2006, construction began on the replacement of the Route 52 causeway that was built in the 1930s over the Great Egg Harbor Bay, beginning with guardrail repairs that reduced traffic to two lanes. In 2008, the northbound lanes of the causeway were opened to traffic. Construction on the southbound lanes was completed in late 2009. The entire project was completed in 2012, including other improvements such as the construction of fishing piers, boat ramps, bike paths, walking trails, gateways, and a new Ocean City Visitor Center. In addition, improvements were made to MacArthur Boulevard that include the addition of a center left-turn lane and the replacement of the Somers Point Circle with a traffic light. This project received $70 million from the stimulus bill signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2009."@en .corpus40.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Security_debate_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article concerns proposals to change the Social Security system in the United States.  Social Security is a social insurance program officially called \"Old-age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance\" (OASDI), in reference to its three components. It is primarily funded through a dedicated payroll tax. During 2012, total benefits of $786 billion were paid out versus income (taxes and interest) of $840 billion, a $54 billion annual surplus. Excluding interest of $109 billion, the program had a cash deficit of $55 billion. Estimates of lost revenues due to the temporary payroll tax cuts of 2011 and 2012 were offset by transfers of other government funds into the program; this was $114 billion in 2012. An estimated 161 million people paid into the program and 57 million received benefits in 2012, roughly 2.82 workers per beneficiary.Reform proposals continue to circulate with some urgency, due to a long-term funding challenge faced by the program. Starting in 2011 and continuing thereafter, program expenses were expected to exceed cash revenues, due to the aging of the baby-boom generation (resulting in a lower ratio of paying workers to retirees), expected continuing low birth rate (compared to the baby-boom period), and increasing life expectancy. Further, the government has borrowed and spent the accumulated surplus funds, called the Social Security Trust Fund.At the end of 2012, the Trust Fund was valued at $2.7 trillion, up $54 billion from 2011. The Trust Fund consists of the accumulated surplus of program revenues less expenditures. In other words, $2.7 trillion more Social Security payroll taxes have been collected than have been used to pay Social Security beneficiaries; the program has more than fully funded itself. The fund contains non-marketable Treasury securities backed \"by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government\". The funds borrowed from the program are part of the total national debt of $16.8 trillion as of April 2013.Program payouts exceeded cash program revenues (i.e., revenue excluding interest) in 2011; this shortfall is expected to continue indefinitely under current law. Due to interest, the Trust Fund will continue increasing through the end of 2021, reaching a peak of approximately $3.0 trillion. Social Security has the legal authority to draw amounts from other government revenue sources besides the payroll tax, to fully fund the program, while the Trust Fund exists. However, payouts greater than payroll tax revenue and interest income over time will liquidate the Trust Fund by 2033, meaning that only the ongoing payroll tax collections thereafter will be available to fund the program. There are certain key implications to understand under current law, if no reforms are implemented: Payroll taxes will only cover about 75% of the scheduled payout amounts from 2033–2086. Without changes to the law, Social Security would have no legal authority to draw other government funds to cover the shortfall. Between 2022 and 2033, redemption of the Trust Fund balance to pay retirees will draw approximately $3 trillion in government funds from sources other than payroll taxes. This is a funding challenge for the government overall, not just Social Security. The present value of unfunded obligations under Social Security was approximately $8.6 trillion over a 75-year forecast period (2012-2086). In other words, that amount would have to be set aside in 2012 so that the principal and interest would cover the shortfall for 75 years. The estimated annual shortfall averages 2.5% of the payroll tax base or 0.9% of gross domestic product (a measure of the size of the economy). Measured over the infinite horizon, these figures are $20.5 trillion, 3.9% and 1.3%, respectively. The annual cost of Social Security benefits represented 5.0% of GDP in 2011. This is projected to increase gradually to 6.4% of GDP in 2035 and then decline to about 6.1% of GDP by 2055 and remain at about that level through 2086.Former President George W. Bush called for a transition to a combination of a government-funded program and personal accounts (\"individual accounts\" or \"private accounts\") through partial privatization of the system. President Barack Obama \"strongly opposes\" privatization or raising the retirement age, but supports raising the annual maximum amount of compensation that is subject to the Social Security payroll tax ($110,100 of compensation in 2012, and $113,700 in 2013) to help fund the program. In addition, on February 18, 2010, President Obama issued an executive order mandating the creation of the bipartisan National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform, which made ten specific recommendations to ensure the sustainability of Social Security.Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on October 4, 2006: \"Reform of our unsustainable entitlement programs should be a priority.\" He added, \"the imperative to undertake reform earlier rather than later is great.\" The tax increases or benefit cuts required to maintain the system as it exists under current law are significantly higher the longer such changes are delayed. For example, raising the payroll tax rate to 15.0% during 2012 (from the current 12.4%) or cutting benefits by 16.2% would address the program's budgetary concerns indefinitely; these amounts increase to 16.7% and 25.0% respectively if no changes are made until 2033. During 2010, the Congressional Budget Office reported on the financial effects of various reform options."@en .corpus40.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Guyot> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lawrence Guyot Jr. (July 17, 1939 – November 23, 2012) was an American civil rights activist who was the director of the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party in 1964. Guyot, a native of Pass Christian, Mississippi joined the Freedom Movement in Mississippi in 1961, when he was a student at Tougaloo College in Mississippi. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree in biology and chemistry in 1963. Guyot also directed the SNCC-CORE project in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, and later became director of the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party. In 1966, Guyot ran for Congress as an anti-war candidate. Guyot was severely beaten many times, including while at the  Mississippi State Penitentiary known as Parchman Farm, in the early 1960s. Guyot helped lay the groundwork for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. He received a degree in law in 1971 from Rutgers University, and then moved to Washington, D.C., where he worked for the election of Marion Barry as mayor in 1978.He has appeared in many documentaries such as Eyes on the Prize in 1987. From the 1990s until the mid-2000s, Guyot often appeared as a commentator on Fox News, defending the legacy of the civil rights movement in heated discussions with hosts Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity. He continued speaking out on voting rights issues and encouraged people to vote for President Barack Obama. Until his retirement in 2004, Guyot was a program monitor for the D.C. Department of Human Services’ Office of Early Childhood Development.His daughter Julie Guyot-Diangone announced on November 24, 2012, that her father died at home in Mount Rainier, Maryland. She said he had heart problems and suffered from diabetes. In addition to his daughter, Guyot is survived by his wife of 47 years, Monica Klein Guyot, a son, Lawrence Guyot III of La Paz, Bolivia, and four grandchildren."@en .corpus40.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_Nations_Week> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Captive Nations Week,  a week aimed at raising public awareness of the oppression of nations under the control of Communist and other non-democratic governments, began in 1953 and was declared by a Congressional resolution and signed into law  (Public Law 86-90) by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1959.  President Eisenhower, and every successive U.S. President up to the administration of President Barack Obama, has declared the third week of July to be Captive Nations Week.The American foreign policy expert George Kennan, serving at the time as ambassador to Yugoslavia, sought unsuccessfully to dissuade President John F. Kennedy from proclaiming the week on the ground that the United States had no reason to make the resolution, which in effect called for the overthrow of all the governments of Eastern Europe, a part of public policy."@en .corpus40.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Treisman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anne Marie Treisman (born 27 February 1935 in Wakefield, Yorkshire) is a psychologist currently at Princeton University's Department of Psychology. She researches visual attention, object perception, and memory. One of her most influential ideas is the feature integration theory of attention, first published with G. Gelade in 1980. Treisman has taught at Oxford, University of British Columbia, University of California, Berkeley and Princeton. In 2013, Treisman received the National Medal of Science from President Barack Obama for her pioneering work in the study of attention. During her long career, Treisman has experimentally and theoretically defined the issue of how information is selected and integrated to form meaningful objects that guide human thought and action."@en .corpus400.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorg_Gray> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jorg Gray is a California-based brand of men's and women's watches. They are best known as the favored watch of U.S. President Barack Obama and the U.S. Secret Service."@en .corpus400.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_further_continuing_appropriations_for_fiscal_year_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The bill H.J.Res. 106 (long title \"Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2014, and for other purposes.\") is a continuing resolution that was introduced in to the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress and was signed into law on January 15, 2014 by President Barack Obama. The bill amends the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2014 to extend the time-period of funding provided by that continuing resolution from January 15, 2014 to January 18, 2014. The extension is in intended to give Congress the extra time it needs to pass the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (H.R. 3547; 113th Congress), which would provide the rest of the appropriations for fiscal year 2014. The fiscal year in the United States is the 12-month period beginning on October 1 and ending on September 30 of the next calendar year."@en .corpus400.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_P._Meehan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael P. Meehan was appointed to the Broadcasting Board of Governors by Barack Obama.  Meehan is co-chair of the Communications and Outreach Committee of the BBG, chair of its Strategy and Budget Committee and the Global Internet Freedom Committee."@en .corpus400.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomas_Fernandez_Concepcion> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tomas Fernandez Concepcion (November 4, 1933 - May 30, 2012) was a Congressman in the Philippines House of Representatives and an artist best known for his sculptures of Filipino Senator Benigno Aquino, revolutionary Jose Rizal, and Pope John Paul II.During the People Power Revolution of the 1980s, Concepcion joined “Movement for a Free Philippines,” serving as point person for the organization’s branch in Italy, where he lived to work on his art. His most famous works have been sculptures of celebrated men, including one of Aquino, in People’s Park in Manila; Rizal, in Rome; John Paul II, in Guam; and Pope Paul VI, in the Vatican.  According to House Resolution no. 2495, introduced in his memory on June 7, 2012, Concepcion \"was a highly regarded artist ... with a socially conscious heart.\" In 1992, Concepcion was elected to the House of Representatives, where he served for four years as Representative of the Labor Sector for the 9th Congress of the Philippines. From that position, he defended the rights of overseas Filipino laborers. He later moved back to Italy, where he spent the rest of his life working on his artwork, including a bronze bust of U.S. President Barack Obama, which Concepcion had hoped to present to the White House."@en .corpus400.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homophobia_in_the_African_American_community> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Homophobia in the African American community is any negative prejudice or form of discrimination within the Black community towards homosexuals.Homophobia is considered to be quite prevalent and pervasive in the African American community. Many social commentators attribute this due to the teaching of black churches. Also attributed as one the causes of homophobia is the image particularly young black males are supposed to convey in the public sphere.  Being homophobic has also been blamed on high incidence of HIV as many African Americans associate the disease almost exclusively with homosexuals. Barack Obama made a statement to the African American community \"If we are honest with ourselves, we'll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to King's vision of a beloved community...We have scorned our gay brothers and sisters instead of embracing them.\"Homosexuality is often seen as antithetical to being black in the African American community. One of the main reasons for this is because of the black communities' associations with the church in the United States.Many black advocacy groups have disputed that homophobia is more prevalent in the African American community than other groups as surveys have shown that their attitude towards homosexuality are similar to the rest of the population.In a 2012 survey of 120,000 adults, African Americans were more likely to self-identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT) than other racial or ethnic groups in the United States. According to the data, 4.6% of African-Americans identify as LGBT, significantly higher than 3.4% of the population overall.In recent years many African American celebrities have come out of the closet to become role models for LGBT African-American youth, such as Jason Collins, Michael Sam, and Robin Roberts.Some in the African American community still see AIDS as a gay disease and homophobia is one of the main barriers preventing better treatment for people in AIDS in the black community. The Article \"AIDS still thought of as a gay disease in black America\" stated \"But the truth is this: while nearly 600,000 African Americans are living with HIV, and as many 30,000 newly infected each year, there is still within the black community one in five living with HIV and unaware of their infection; and, they are disproportionately heterosexuals. As long as we continue to think of HIV/AIDS as a gay disease, we'll not protect ourselves from this epidemic.The perceived bias against homosexuality in the African-American community has led to the subculture phenomenon known as \"on the down-low\", in which black men who publicly and even self-consciously identify as heterosexual will secretly have sex with men."@en .corpus400.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Burton_(political_consultant)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bill Burton (born August 9, 1977) is an American political consultant.Burton was born in Buffalo, New York on August 9, 1977. He was raised by his father, Troy Burton, from the age of 11. He graduated from the University of Minnesota before moving to Washington DC to work as a press secretary for Minnesota Democrat Bill Luther. He was press secretary for Tom Harkin from 2001 until 2003 and communications director for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) in the 2006 election cycle. He has worked on the campaigns of Richard Gephardt, John Kerry, and Barack Obama. He was the national press secretary during Obama's first campaign for President.During the Obama administration, Burton was Deputy White House Press Secretary under Robert Gibbs from January 2009 until February 2011.He was a co-founder and senior strategist with the Priorities USA Action super PAC.He was one of Business Insider's \"Most Powerful People of 2012\".In January 2013, Burton was hired by Global Strategy Group.Burton married Laura Capps on July 7, 2007."@en .corpus401.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodic_Review_Secretariat> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Periodic Review Secretariat is a body authorized by President Barack Obama in Executive Order 13567, on March 7, 2011.The Secretariat oversees Periodic Review Boards.The Boards convene hearings to make recommendations about selected individuals held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.In January 2009 Obama authorized another body, the Guantanamo Review Task Force, to review the files on all the remaining individuals being held in Guantanamo.  That body's mandate was to recommend classifying the men into three different groups: individuals who should face charges; individuals who it would be safe to release; and individuals for whom there was no evidence to justify charges, who nevertheless should be held indefinitely, because it was too dangerous to release them.The Guantanamo Review Task Force recommended splitting the remaining captives into three groups of approximately eighty men each.  The men who faced indefinite detention without charge were the ones whose files were to be periodically reviewed.Some press reports compared the Periodic Review Boards to parole boards in the criminal justice system."@en .corpus401.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Putnam_County,_Indiana,_2012> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2012 United States presidential election in Putnam County, Indiana took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states and the District of Columbia participated. Indiana voters chose 11 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan."@en .corpus401.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States–Africa_Leaders_Summit> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States–Africa Leaders Summit was an international summit held in Washington D.C. from August 4–6, 2014. Leaders from fifty African states attended the three-day summit, which was hosted by U.S. President Barack Obama. The summit primarily focused on trade, investment and security of the continent.On July 31, 2014, just days before the Summit, there was an On-the-Record-Conference Press Call, the discussions and details of the conference which afforded enormous insight into the Summit in advance were released by the White House Office of the Press Secretary. The participants were (1) Ben Rhodes, Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategic Communications; (2) Linda Thomas-Greenfield,  Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs; and (3) Gayle Smith, Senior Director for Development and Democracy at the National Security Council."@en .corpus401.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricultural_Act_of_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Agricultural Act of 2014 (H.R. 2642; Pub.L. 113–79, also known as the 2014 U.S. Farm Bill), formerly the \"Federal Agriculture Reform and Risk Management Act of 2013\", is an act of Congress that authorizes nutrition and agriculture programs in the United States for the years of 2014-2018. The bill authorizes $956 billion in spending over the next ten years.The bill passed in the United States House of Representatives on January 29, 2014, and the United States Senate on February 4, 2014 during the 113th United States Congress. U.S. President Barack Obama signed the bill into law on February 7, 2014. The bill is considered two years late, since farm bills are traditionally passed every five years. The previous farm bill, Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, expired in 2012."@en .corpus401.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_K._Lee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michelle K. Lee is Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Deputy Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and current Acting Director of the USPTO. She took up her new role on January 13, 2014, and formerly served as the Director of the USPTO’s Silicon Valley satellite office. Prior to USPTO, Lee served as Deputy General Counsel, Head of Patents and Patent Strategy at Google from 2003-12.In October 2014, President Barack Obama announced that he intended to nominate Lee to the office of Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property, heading the USPTO on a permanent basis.  Obama officially nominated Lee on November 11, and her initial confirmation hearing was held December 10.  However, Congress adjourned without her confirmation, and the nomination was returned to the President on December 17.  Under Senate rules, in order for Lee to be confirmed, Obama needed to re-nominate her, and he did so on January 8, 2015.  Although renomination is a pro forma process, Lee's confirmation is expected to be delayed until at least February 2015.  Her second confirmation hearing was held January 21."@en .corpus401.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooperative_and_Small_Employer_Charity_Pension_Flexibility_Act_(S._1302)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Cooperative and Small Employer Charity Pension Flexibility Act (S. 1302) was a bill that would have made changes to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to alter the funding requirements of certain private pension plans that were maintained by more than one employer where the employers were either cooperatives or charities. The bill would have made permanent an existing exemption from the Pension Protection Act of 2006 for approximately 33 different groups.The bill passed the United States Senate during the 113th United States Congress. H.R. 4275, a similar bill with the same name, was introduced in the United States House of Representatives in March 2014 and ultimately signed into law by President Barack Obama in April."@en .corpus401.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_on_mass_surveillance> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The U.S. presidency of Barack Obama has received widespread criticism due to its support of government surveillance. President Obama has released many statements on mass surveillance as a result."@en .corpus401.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodic_Review_Board> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Periodic Review Boards administrate a US \"administrative procedure\" for recommending whether certain individuals held in the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba are safe to release or transfer, or whether they should continue to be held without charge.The boards are authorized by and overseen by the Periodic Review Secretariat, which President Barack Obama set up with Executive Order 13567 on March 7, 2011.Although Obama authorized the Secretariat to conduct periodic reviews in early 2011, the first review was not conducted until late 2013.During the second review, on January 28, 2014, that of Abdel Malik al Rahabi, nine reporters and four human rights workers were allowed to observe a video-link to the 19 minute unclassified portion of the hearing.69 other individuals can expect to have their status reviewed.Almost half of the individuals still at Guantanamo have already been cleared for release or transfer -- some as long ago as 2005, so critics have questioned how meaningful it had been to clear Mahmud Abd Al Aziz Al Mujahid for release.Individuals who have faced charges, become eligible to have their status reviewed by a Periodic Review Board, if the charges they faced are dropped.In 2013 24 new individuals who the Guantanamo Review Task Force had recommended should face charges, had those charges dropped, and became eligible for review, when appeals courts had overturned convictions for \"providing material support for terrorism\".On July 21, 2013, Carol Rosenberg, writing in the Miami Herald, reported that the announcement that the Boards would finally be convened followed a \"flurry of emails\" to the captives attorneys -- after years of delay.Rosenberg noted that the announcement from Norton C. Joerg, a former officer and senior lawyer with the United States Navy, came at the height of the most widespread Guantanamo hunger strike."@en .corpus401.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_Presidential_Library_and_Museum> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Barack Obama Presidential Library and Museum is to be a repository of the papers and other ephemera relating to Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States. It is to be constructed at the behest of nonprofit Barack H. Obama Foundation, which was officially set up for this purpose. Three long-time supporters will head up the foundation: Marty Nesbitt, a close friend from Chicago; J. Kevin Poorman, president and CEO of PSP Capital Partners; and Julianna Smoot, a top official in the president's re-election campaign.While the foundation was formally incorporated on January 29, 2014, a site has not yet been chosen; several organizations had long been lobbying for the honor of hosting the institution. A decision on the final selection among four announced finalists (the University of Chicago; the University of Illinois at Chicago; Columbia University and the University of Hawaii) will be made by the president and first lady in 2015."@en .corpus402.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Richard_Harvey> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "J. Richard Harvey is Distinguished Professor of Practice at Villanova University School of Law  and Graduate Tax Program. He joined the faculty in 2010, and previously served as professor at Bucknell University and  The College of New Jersey. He  is a frequent speaker quoted in the press, and has delivered speeches to the Canadian Tax Foundation, Multistate Tax Commission, American Bar Association, Tax Executive Institute, Wall Street Tax Association, and the Institute for International Bankers.  He has also testified before the United States Congress on the international tax planning done by Apple, Inc. and other multinational companies.Harvey has  served as a senior government official in the United States Treasury Department and the  Internal Revenue Service (IRS) during the Ronald Reagan, George W. Bush, and the Barack Obama administrations. He was senior advisor to the IRS Commissioner, and also  served as a liaison with the U.S. Treasury Department, Congressional staff, and the United States Department of Justice. He was involved in the IRS efforts to deal with off-shore tax evasion.He was tax partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers, where as an expert in the financial accounting for income taxes he provided tax consulting advice to companies around the world.From 1986 to 1988 he was a senior accountant at the U.S. Treasury Department and was involved  in the negotiation and implementation of the 1986 Tax Reform Act."@en .corpus402.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Integrated_Drought_Information_System_Reauthorization_Act_of_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Integrated Drought Information System Reauthorization Act of 2013 (H.R. 2431) is a bill that would reauthorize the National Integrated Drought Information System, a program that examines the impact of droughts and tries to respond to them on a federal level. The bill would extend the program until 2018.The National Integrated Drought Information System Reauthorization Act of 2013 was introduced into the 113th United States Congress. A similar measure, the Drought Information Act of 2013 (S. 376; 113th Congress), was introduced into and passed the United States Senate. President Barack Obama signed the National Integrated Drought Information System Reauthorization Act of 2013 into law as Pub.L. 113–86 on March 6, 2014."@en .corpus403.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Félix_Conde_Falcón> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Félix Modesto Conde Falcón (February 28, 1938 – April 4, 1969) born in Juncos, Puerto Rico, joined the U.S. Army on April 1963 in Chicago, Illinois and is a recipient of the Medal of Honor killed during combat operations in Ap Tan Hoa, South Vietnam, on April 4, 1969. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor by President Barack Obama in a March 18, 2014 ceremony in the White House. The award comes through the Defense Authorization Act which called for a review of Jewish American and Hispanic American veterans from WWII, the Korean War and the Vietnam War to ensure that no prejudice was shown to those deserving the Medal of Honor."@en .corpus403.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Gandara> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joe Gandara (April 25, 1924 – June 9, 1944) was a U.S. Army veteran of World War II and recipient of the Medal of Honor.Gandara was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Barack Obama in a March 18, 2014 ceremony in the White House. The award came through the Defense Authorization Act which called for a review of Jewish American and Hispanic American veterans from WWII, the Korean War and the Vietnam War to ensure that no prejudice was shown to those deserving the Medal of Honor."@en .corpus403.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_B._Nietzel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alfred B. Nietzel (April 27, 1921 – November 18, 1944) is a recipient of the Medal of Honor. He was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Barack Obama in a March 18, 2014 ceremony in the White House. The award comes through the Defense Authorization Act which in 2002, called for a review of Jewish American and Hispanic American veterans from World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War to ensure that no prejudice was shown to those deserving the Medal of Honor."@en .corpus403.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_K._Schwab> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Donald Kenneth Schwab (December 6, 1918 – February 19, 2005) was a United States Army veteran of World War II and recipient of the U.S. Medal of Honor. According to his official Medal of Honor online biography: [Schwab] joined the U.S. Army upon graduation from high school.Schwab distinguished himself by exceptionally valorous actions on Sept. 17, 1944. His courage and determination resulted in the dismantling of a strong German position and he would take one prisoner of war.Schwab served with the US Army until Oct. 26, 1945. Upon exiting the service Schwab returned to Hooper, Neb. and began a farming career. He later was employed with the postal service in Nebraska until retirement. In Hooper, Schwab was highly active in the church and community. He also enjoyed sports and played on various local softball and basketball teams.In addition to the Medal of Honor, Schwab received the Distinguished Service Cross (this award will be upgraded to the Medal of Honor on Mar. 18), Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart with two Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with one Silver Service Star, two Bronze Service Stars and Bronze Arrowhead Device, World War II Victory Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge, French Fourragere, Honorable Service Lapel Button-WWII.Schwab was awarded the Army Medal of Honor posthumously by President Barack Obama in a March 18, 2014 ceremony in the White House. Schwab's award came through the Defense Authorization Act which called in 2002 for a review of approximately 600 mostly Jewish American and Hispanic American veterans of World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War to ensure that no prejudice was shown to those deserving the Medal of Honor. Schwab was among five additional service members who the review identified as having been overlooked for the honor."@en .corpus404.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Bear_Dunes_National_Lakeshore_Conservation_and_Recreation_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore Conservation and Recreation Act (S. 23) is a bill that would designate as wilderness about 32,500 acres of the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore in the state of Michigan. The newly designated lands and inland waterways would comprise the Sleeping Bear Dunes Wilderness, a new component of the National Wilderness Preservation System.It was introduced into the United States Senate during the 113th United States Congress. On March 13, 2014, it was signed into law as Pub.L. 113–87 by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus404.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzette_Kimball> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Suzette M. Kimball is an American geologist and environmental scientist who is serving as Acting Director of the United States Geological Survey (USGS). She was nominated by President Barack Obama on January 9, 2014 to serve as the sixteenth Director of the USGS, a bureau of the United States Department of the Interior.She has held several positions at the USGS including Eastern Regional Director, and Acting Associate Director for Geology. Prior to joining the USGS, she served in the National Park Service as a research coordinator in the Global Climate Change Program, Southeast Regional Chief Scientist, and Associate Regional Director. Before joining the U.S. Federal government, she was an assistant professor of environmental sciences at the University of Virginia; co-director of the Center for Coastal Management and Policy; and marine scientist at the Virginia Institute of Marine Science."@en .corpus404.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Heating_Emergency_Assistance_Through_Transportation_Act_of_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through Transportation Act of 2014 (H.R. 4076) or HHEATT Act of 2014 is an act that created an emergency exception to existing Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) regulations. The exceptions allow truckers to drive for long hours if they are delivering home heating fuels, such as propane, to places where there is a shortage. The exemption lasts until May 31, 2014. An existing suspension was scheduled to expire on March 15, 2014.The bill was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress. On March 21, 2014, President Barack Obama signed the bill into law. It became Pub.L. 113–90."@en .corpus404.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeowner_Flood_Insurance_Affordability_Act_of_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2013 (H.R. 3370) is a bill that would reduce some of the reforms made to the federal flood insurance program that were passed two years ago. The bill would reduce federal flood insurance premium rates for some properties that are sold, were uninsured as of July 2012, or where coverage lapsed as a result of the policyholder no longer being required to maintain coverage.The bill was passed in the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress. On March 21, 2014, President Barack Obama signed the bill into law, making it Pub.L. 113–89."@en .corpus404.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Faiss> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wilbur Faiss (October 14, 1911 – November 2, 2013) was an American politician. He served in the Nevada State Senate.Faiss was born at Centralia, Illinois in 1911, the son of John and Belle Faiss. He married Theresa E. Watts, whom he had first met at St. Louis, Missouri, on April 14, 1933. They had three sons, Robert, Donald and Ronald. The family relocated to North Las Vegas, Nevada in 1944, and upon their arrival, Wilbur operated a small business (Truck Haven and later Truck Harbor) and served as a volunteer firefighter. He also a worked on Nevada Test Site in the 1950s, and was a part of a teamsters' union. Retiring from business in 1976, Faiss, then aged 65 ran for election as a Democratic candidate for the Nevada State Senate, winning election to represent North Las Vegas. He served two terms, until 1984. During his time in office advocated for the working class, seniors issues, education, and civil rights. He voted in favor of the Equal Rights Amendment in 1977, and wrote laws including one permitting  pharmacists to replace lower-cost generic drugs with brand name drugs, and one to grant free admission for senior citizens to state parks.He was honored with a resolution in the Nevada Senate in 1983 on the occasion of his 50th wedding anniversary. In January 2012, he and his wife were recognized as one of the longest married couples in the United States by President Barack Obama. He later stated that the key to a long marriage was to compromise; his wife was a Republican while he was a Democrat. His wife, Theresa died on October 28, 2012 at the age of 97, after 79 years of marriage. He later moved to Carson City, Nevada to be closer to his family. The Wilbur and Theresa Faiss Middle School was named in honor of him and his wife. He delivered an address to the students there on the eve of his 100th birthday in 2011.He was honored by the Nevada State Senate on April 25, 2013, \"for his distinguished service to the State of Nevada and his exemplary life achievements\". April 25, 2013 was also proclaimed Senate Wilbur Faiss Day by Governor of Nevada Brian Sandoval. Faiss died aged 102 after weeks of hospitalization at Carson City, Nevada in 2013. He was assumed to be the oldest living former state legislator in the United States at the time of his death. Upon his death, governor Brian Sandoval stated: “I was deeply saddened today to learn of the passing of Wilbur Faiss. Mr. Faiss had a tireless commitment to the state and its people, but most importantly, he devoted his life to his wife and children\". He was also honored in the United States Senate by Nevada Senator Dean Heller."@en .corpus404.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Cassidy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cassidy Durango Milton Willy Podell (born 1981), better known as DJ Cassidy, is a New York DJ. Cassidy is known for his work at celebrity functions, including the 50th birthday party and 2009 inauguration of President Barack Obama, and the 2008 wedding of Beyoncé and Jay-Z."@en .corpus404.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_Up_in_the_Milky_Way> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Standing Up in the Milky Way\" is the first aired episode of the American documentary television series Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey. It premiered on March 9, 2014, simultaneously on various Fox television networks, including National Geographic Channel, FX, Fox Life, and others.  The episode is presented by the series host astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, directed by Brannon Braga, produced by Livia Hanich and Steven Holtzman, and written by Ann Druyan and Steven Soter.The series represents a follow-up of the 1980s television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage by Carl Sagan. It is hosted by astrophysicist and author Neil deGrasse Tyson, and explores astronomy, space and time, astrophysics, biology, and other diverse areas of science. In this episode, Tyson takes a tour of the Solar System and the Milky Way galaxy, explores the life of Renaissance philosopher Giordano Bruno and his vision of the cosmos, goes through a Cosmic Calendar from the beginning of the universe until the present, and ends with a tribute to Carl Sagan. The episode was first presented with a brief introduction by the President of the United States Barack Obama.The episode received positive reviews by critics, but was criticized on issues like the historical accuracy in the presentation of Giordano Bruno's life. It was also nominated for Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series at the 66th Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards, an award it won."@en .corpus405.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_United_States_presidential_budget_request> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "President Barack Obama submitted his fiscal year 2015 budget request on March 4, 2014. This budget proposal was one of several proposed budgets considered in the process of creating the 2015 United States federal budget. President Obama's proposed budget was for $3.9 trillion. President Obama's budget proposal was described as being full of \"populist proposals\" and as a \"populist wish list.\" The proposal was not seen as  politically practical measure that would be used or taken seriously by Congress. The White House described this budget as \"a budget he would implement in an ideal world.\""@en .corpus405.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Psilakis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael Psilakis is a Greek-American New York City restaurateur best known for his appearances on television shows including Ultimate Recipe Showdown, Iron Chef America, The Best Thing I Ever Ate and No Kitchen Required. He had owned and operated a number of popular restaurants around New York and has cooked for President Barack Obama at the White House."@en .corpus405.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorenstein_Center_on_Media,_Politics_and_Public_Policy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy is a Harvard University research center that explores the intersection and impact of media, politics and public policy in theory and practice.Among other activities, the center organizes dozens of yearly events for journalists, scholars and the public, many of which take place at the John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum. Courses taught by Shorenstein Center professors are also an integral part of the Harvard Kennedy School's curriculum; as of 2014, faculty at the center include Michael Ignatieff, the Canadian author, academic and former politician; Steve Jarding, an international educator and political consultant; Matthew Baum, the Marvin Kalb Professor of Global Communications; and Thomas E. Patterson, the author and Bradlee Professor of Government and the Press.Since its founding in 1986, the center has also emerged as a significant source for research on U.S. campaigns, elections and journalism. The center hosts an average of four fellows each semester, all of whom produce a major piece of research on a broad range of topics. Papers have included \"Riptide: What Really Happened to the News Business,\"by John Huey, Martin Nisenholtz and Paul Sagan; \"Did Twitter Kill the Boys on the Bus?\" by Peter Hamby of CNN; and \"Digital Fuel of the 21st Century,\" by Vivek Kundra, who was the first chief information officer of the United States from March 2009 to August 2011 under President Barack Obama.The Shorenstein Center also awards the annual Goldsmith Awards Program, which includes the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting and the Goldsmith Book Prize. Past winners have included James Risen and Eric Lichtblau of the New York Times; Patricia Callahan, Sam Roe and Michael Hawthorne of the Chicago Tribune; and Debbie Cenziper and Sarah Cohen of the Washington Post. Other prizes and lectures given by the Shorenstein Center include the David Nyhan Prize for Political Journalism, the Shorenstein Prize, the T.H. White Lecture on Press and Politics and the Richard S. Salant Lecture on Freedom of the Press."@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_S._Childs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edith S. Childs is an American politician who served on the Greenwood, South Carolina, county council.  President Barack Obama has credited her with coining his campaign slogan: \"Fired up! Ready to go!\""@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fountain_(event_designer)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Robert Fountain is an event designer and planner who owns an event company in San Francisco.Fountain is from Thomaston, Georgia. He was born to Gerald Fountain, an engineer at a regional cotton mill and Brenda Lamb, who worked in a department store. He is the youngest of three boys.He began work as a florist in Atlanta, Georgia, eventually moving to San Francisco in 1995, where he worked for four years at floral company Podesta Baldocchi.He began his event company in 1999 and has made news for throwing events for Marissa Mayer, including events attended by President Barack Obama. He has appeared on HGTV's show \"Sensible Chic\" as a design consultant, and owns a textile company called Velon Designs."@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Decker_Breckenridge> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anita Decker Breckenridge (born c. 1978/1979) is an American political staffer who has served in a number of positions in the administration of President Barack Obama. She was appointed White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations in March 2014, a position she took up in May 2014.Anita Decker was born and spent her early years in Kenilworth, Illinois. She graduated from New Trier High School in Winnetka, Illinois in 1996; while at high school she was an intern for Senator Dick Durbin.  She studied political science at the University of Arizona, graduating in 2000.She worked for Representative Lane Evans, and in 2003 moved to work for Obama, who was then a member of the Illinois Senate.  She ran all of Obama's Downstate Illinois offices when he was US Senator for the state, and managed the 2007 announcement of his candidacy for President.  After his election she served as Chief of Staff at the National Endowment for the Arts until May 2011, when she became personal secretary to the President, taking over from Katie Johnson.In March 2014 the White House announced she would become Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, replacing Alyssa Mastromonaco.She married political consultant Russell Breckenridge in 2010."@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Mountain_Lookout_Heritage_Protection_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Green Mountain Lookout Heritage Protection Act (S. 404) is a law that prevents the United States Forest Service from removing a building from the Glacier Peak Wilderness in Washington unless the agency determines that the structure is unsafe for visitors. Senator Patty Murray (D-WA) argued that the bill should be passed in order to help the tourism industry in the area, but protecting the lookout point in question. The building had been scheduled to be removed as a result of a lawsuit by a group called the Wilderness Watch against the federal government for using various machinery and a helicopter to repair the lookout.The bill was introduced into the United States Senate during the 113th United States Congress. It was signed into law by President Barack Obama on April 16, 2014."@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racebending> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Racebending or \"Whitewashing\" are terms used when the race or ethnicity of a character, in a story, is inverted to an ostensibly more \"palatable\" or \"profitable\" ethnicity. Whitewashing is the older term, with \"racebending\" coming to the fore, as a broader term, since Patrick Stewart performed Othello in a \"photo negative\" production, as a white man, with an otherwise all-black cast, in 1997.The term has also been ascribed to non-Caucasians conforming to or having been taught to conform to White or Western culture. This has been perceived to happen to Tiger Woods and Barack Obama, wherein they were made more palatable to the majority of Americans, rather than just their perceived ethnic group.A study in 2004 by Mica Pollock spoke of the race-bending occurring within American schools. Racial categories remain as key social engineering devices and as such Racebending becomes a way to strategically impose racial labels; a way to refuse to analyse racial inequality. The clumsy analogy from race experts would describe it as \"we don't belong to simple race groups, but we do.\"In the majority of cases, this can be seen in Hollywood, as in the way original works with non-White characters or non-White European cultural markers are altered to cater to the perceived viewing habits of the majority Caucasian, European-based society. Instead of using yellowface makeup, the film makers change the race or origin of the characters.This often occurs in adaptations of Anime or Manga works into films intended for American audiences, as in the film adaptations of Fist of the North Star, Speed Racer and Dragonball. Racebending as a term was popularised by fans of Avatar: The Last Airbender when a live-action adaptation directed by M. Night Shyamalan was to be made and the main cast were all white actors.This is a common practice in Hollywood, where the most coveted roles are frequently given to white actors to play, even if originally, the character was a person of colour. Aspiring actors of colour are marginalised and may have to play \"racebent\" bad-guy characters that were originally white. In some cases, the opposite may happen when the original white bad guys are \"racebent\" to become non-white, especially if the hero of the film is non-white himself.In an interview for the documentary, The Slanted Screen, Producer Terence Chang describes being told to change the race of the white villain in the script for the Chow Yun Fat vehicle, The Replacement Killers, and make him a Chinese drug lord instead. The logic: \"If the hero is Asian then the bad guys have to be Asian as well.\"The practice of \"yellowface\" is no longer so prevalent and blackface is taboo, the problem of white actors co-opting non-white roles continues, in Hollywood: recent big-budget movie adaptations have actively erased or are currently changing, the original sources, to make room for a white hero. Between 2008's 21, to the recent casting for movies like Forbidden Kingdom, Dragonball Evolution, King of Fighters, Akira, Prince of Persia, and The Last Airbender, roles for non-white lead characters have consistently gone to white actors.There were negotiations for a movie adaptation of Neil Gaiman's, work Anansi Boys, but the \"moviemakers wanted to change the lead black characters to white or drop the magical elements altogether\". Gaiman claimed not to need the money, \"Not needing the money puts me in a magical place because I can say no. I like the idea of having good movies made or having no movies made.\"Akira, a popular Manga and Anime from the 1980s was intended to receive a \"whitewashing\" treatment; changing Neo-Tokyo to Neo-Manhattan and the character Tetsuo to be changed to Travis. The character of Kaneda was going to be kept, but the actor's ethnicity was not described. The production is currently on hiatus."@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Wars_(miniseries)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The World Wars is a three-part, six hour event miniseries by the History Channel that premiered on Monday, May 26, 2014, (Memorial Day) airing for three consecutive nights. An extended version of the series (now divided into six episodes) with never before seen footage was subsequently broadcast on H2 and in more than 160 countries on June 22, 2014.The show was produced for History Channel by Stephen David Entertainment, the production company behind the Emmy Award-winning miniseries The Men Who Built America.Narrated by Jeremy Renner, the documentary series features a mix of dramatic reenactments, archival stills and footage, and interviews with historians and authors alongside current and former prominent political figures such as current U.S. Senator John McCain from Arizona, former U.S. General and Secretary of State Colin Powell, former British Prime Minister John Major, former Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti, former U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, and many more.A portion of the filming took place in and around Martinsburg, West Virginia in October and November 2013.The series was introduced by President Barack Obama in a pre-recorded message."@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Law_113-100> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Public Law 113-110 is a law that \"ban(s) Iran's new United Nations ambassador, who has ties to a terrorist group, from entering the United States.\" Iran's proposed ambassador, Hamid Aboutalebi, is controversial due to his involvement in the Iran hostage crisis, in which a number of American diplomats from the US embassy in Tehran were held captive from 1979 until 1981. Aboutalebi said he did not participate in the takeover of the US embassy, but was brought in to translate and negotiate following the occupation. President Barack Obama told Iran that Aboutalebis selection was not \"viable\" and Congress reacted by passing this law to ban his presence in the United States.Since the United Nations' headquarters is located in New York City, he needs a visa in order to enter and live in the United States.Originally S. 2195, the bill was signed into law on April 16, 2014 by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minimum_Wage_Fairness_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Minimum Wage Fairness Act (S. 1737) is a bill that would amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) to increase the federal minimum wage for employees to $10.10 per hour over the course of a two year period. The bill was strongly supported by President Barack Obama and many of the Democratic Senators, but strongly opposed by Republicans in the Senate and House.The bill was introduced into the United States Senate during the 113th United States Congress."@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Accountability_and_Transparency_Act_of_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Digital Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014 (DATA Act) is a law that aims to make information on federal expenditures more easily accessible and transparent. The law requires the U.S. Department of the Treasury to establish common standards for financial data provided by all government agencies and to expand the amount of data that agencies must provide to the government website, USASpending. The goal of the law is to improve the ability of Americans to track and understand how the government is spending their tax dollars.The law was introduced into the United States Senate during the 113th United States Congress. A similar bill, the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act of 2013 (H.R. 2061; 113th Congress), was introduced at the same time in the United States House of Representatives. There was also a previous version of the bill (H.R. 2146) that passed in the House during the 112th United States Congress, but did not become law. On May 9, 2014, President Barack Obama signed this version of the bill into law."@en .corpus406.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Rozman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Maria Rozman (born March 18)  is a TV personality/anchor, currently working as television producer for CNN.She has worked for Telemundo as a news director and news anchor, and [Univision] news anchor in Denver. She interviewed U.S. President Barack Obama in 2012 and 2013 as part of the Administration's outreach to Hispanic voters, becoming the only Spaniard to interview a sitting U.S. president twice."@en .corpus407.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-capacity_magazine> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "High-capacity magazine (or large-capacity magazine) is a legal term that, in the United States, generally refers to magazines capable of holding more than 10 rounds, although this number is completely arbitrary, and definitions vary.In the U.S. since the 1980s, magazine capacity has been a subject of debate regarding civilian firearms. Many assault weapon bans since then have included or been accompanied by high-capacity or large-capacity magazine bans. The National Rifle Association (NRA) defines high-capacity magazine as \"[an] inexact, non-technical term indicating a magazine holding more rounds than might be considered 'average.'\" In 2011, the rabbinic director of Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership (JPFO) wrote an essay subtitled \"Five Reasons Why You Should Want High Capacity Magazines.\" Some commentators and gun rights advocates call such devices \"so-called high-capacity magazines.\" The debate regarding magazine capacity started anew in the U.S. after the December 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. In January 2013, President Barack Obama included a ban on gun magazines with capacities of more than 10 rounds in a list of gun-control laws he asked Congress to pass."@en .corpus407.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_African_Americans:_Many_Rivers_to_Cross> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The African Americans: Many Rivers to Cross is an award-winning six-part Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) public television series written and presented by Harvard University scholar Henry Louis Gates, Jr. It aired for the first time in the fall of 2013, beginning with episode 1, \"The Black Atlantic (1500-1800)\", on October 22, from 8-9 p.m. ET on PBS, and every consecutive Tuesday through to episode 6, \"A More Perfect Union (1968-2013)\", on November 26. The companion book to the series, The African Americans: Many Rivers to Cross (SmileyBooks, 2013), was co-authored by Gates and historian Donald Yacovone. The two-DVD set of the series was released in January 2014.The African Americans: Many Rivers to Cross chronicles the full sweep of the African-American experience, from the origins of the transatlantic slave trade to the reelection and second inauguration of President Barack Obama.  It is the first documentary series to recount this history in its entirety since the nine-part History of the Negro People aired on National Educational Television in 1965, and the one-hour documentary Black History: Lost, Stolen, or Strayed, narrated by Bill Cosby and broadcast in 1968.  According to the PBS website for the series, The African Americans: Many Rivers to Cross \"explores the evolution of the African-American people, as well as the multiplicity of cultural institutions, political strategies, and religious and social perspectives they developed — forging their own history, culture and society against unimaginable odds. Commencing with the origins of slavery in Africa, the series moves through five centuries of remarkable historic events right up to the present — when America is led by a black president, yet remains a nation deeply divided by race.\"For the series, Gates collaborated with more than 30 historians to identify and select 70 of the most important and illustrative stories of the African-American experience to serve as the epic's narrative spine.  Among the more notable figures Gates highlighted was the black Spanish conquistador Juan Garrido, who, in 1513, accompanied Ponce de León on his expedition into what is now the state of Florida. As a result, the airing of The African Americans: Many Rivers to Cross coincided with the 500th anniversary of the presence of persons of African descent in what is today the continental United States. Among the other prominent figures profiled in the series are: Harriet Tubman, Richard Allen, Frederick Douglass, Robert Smalls, Ida B. Wells, W. E. B. Du Bois, Booker T. Washington, Marcus Garvey, Oscar Micheaux, Rosa Parks, Martin Luther King, Jr., Ruby Bridges, Charlayne Hunter-Gault, Kathleen Neal Cleaver, Maulana Karenga, Colin Powell, and many more.In an interview with TheRoot.com (an online magazine that Gates co-founded and for which he serves as editor-in-chief), Gates described his goals for the series:“First, to show that black culture is inextricably intertwined with American culture. There’s no America without African Americans.“Second, to provide a tool that teachers can use to enact the conversation about race every day in the classroom. Every day’s gotta be Black History Month. Just like with citizenship, for example: A teacher doesn’t say, ‘Today I'm going to teach you how to be a citizen.’ It's taught every day.”In a separate interview on the Tavis Smiley Show on PBS, Gates explained how personal the series is for him:“The reason that I wanted to do this series, the first comprehensive treatment of the whole sweep of African-American history since Bill Cosby did his in 1968, and which I watched with my parents when I was 17 years old, was to provide the tools through which a teacher could incorporate African American history into the story, the grand narrative, of the founding of America, its settlement, its peopling, and its great prosperity over the last several centuries.”"@en .corpus408.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Neil_Eggleston> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Warren Neil Eggleston (born July 5, 1953) is an American lawyer who serves as the White House Counsel under President Barack Obama since the departure of previous Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler."@en .corpus408.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama_College_Preparatory_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Barack Obama College Preparatory High School is a future high school in Chicago, Illinois that will open in 2017 and is named after President of the United States Barack Obama. It will be located right behind Skinner North Classical School and is planned to eventually be home to 1,200 students."@en .corpus408.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Clark> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Adam James Clark is an American meteorologist at the Cooperative Institute for Mesoscale Meteorological Studies (CIMMS) and the National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) recognized for contributions to numerical modeling of convection.Clark earned B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees in meteorology from Iowa State University (ISU) in 2004, 2006, and 2009, respectively. In 2009 he joined NSSL as a National Research Council post-doctoral research associate under David Stensrud and soon became a research scientist at CIMMS/NSSL. He is also an assistant professor at the affiliated University of Oklahoma (OU). On December 23, 2013, Clark was selected by President Barack Obama for the prestigious Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE), which was awarded at a White House ceremony on April 15, 2014."@en .corpus408.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_Global_Innovation_and_Creativity_Centre> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Malaysian Global Innovation and Creativity Centre or MaGIC is an innovation and creativity centre located at Persiaran APEC, Cyberjaya, Selangor, Malaysia. The centre which is under the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation, Malaysia was officially opened on 27 April 2014, by the Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Tun Razak and his counterpart US President, Barack Obama in conjunction of his visit to the country from 26 to 28 April 2014.The Obama Oval at the building compound was named after US President, Barack Obama."@en .corpus408.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronic_Effects_of_Neurotrauma_Consortium> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Chronic Effects of Neurotrauma Consortium or CENC is a federally funded research project devised to address the long-term effects of mild traumatic brain injury in military service personnel (SMs) and Veterans. Announced by President Barack Obama on August 20, 2013, the CENC was one of two major initiatives developed in response to the injuries incurred by U.S. service personnel during Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. The project is jointly funded in the amount of $62.175 million by the Department of Defense (DoD) and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The CENC is led by Dr. David X. Cifu of the Virginia Commonwealth University."@en .corpus408.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renée_James> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Renée J. James is an American business executive. She is currently the President of Intel Corporation and is part of the company's Executive Office. James has broad knowledge of the computing industry, spanning hardware, manufacturing, security, software and services, which she developed through product R&D leadership positions at Intel and as chairman of Intel's software subsidiaries. James has also been an overall leader in the development and implementation of the corporate strategy.During her 25 plus year career at Intel, James has spearheaded the company's strategic expansion into providing proprietary and open source software and services for applications in enterprise, security and cloud-based computing. In her most recent role as executive vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group, she was responsible for Intel's global software and services strategy, revenue, profit, and product R&D. In this role, James led Intel's strategic relationships with the world's leading device and enterprise operating systems companies. Previously, she was the director and COO of Intel Online Services, Intel's datacenter services business. Early in her career James also served as chief of staff for former Intel CEO Andy Grove.James is Vice Chair of the President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee. President Barack Obama appointed James as member of the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee in 2013. She is now in the second-highest role on the committee. James also serves as a non-executive director on the Vodafone Group Plc Board of Directors and is a member of the remuneration Committee. She served 7 years as independent director on the VMware Inc. Board of Directors and was a member of the Audit Committee. She is also a member of the C200.In 2014 James was ranked 21st on Fortune Most Powerful Women in Business list, and she was named number 37 on Forbes Top 100 List."@en .corpus408.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enhanced_Defense_Cooperation_Agreement> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA), between the United States of America and the Philippines, was signed on April 28, 2014 in Manila, the Philippines. The agreement was signed by Philippine Defense Secretary, Voltaire Gazmin, and U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines, Philip Goldberg, and was timed during an official state visit by U.S. President Barack Obama. The ten-year accord is the first substantial military agreement between the U.S. and the Philippines since American troops withdrew from the Subic Bay naval base in 1992.The EDCA seeks to bolster the U.S. – Philippines security relationship by allowing the United States to station troops and operations on Philippine territory. However, the Agreement clearly states that the U.S. is not allowed to establish a permanent base. The Agreement also stipulates that the U.S. is not allowed to store or position any nuclear weapons on Philippine territory."@en .corpus408.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_McAlpin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harry S. McAlpin (1906-1985) was the first African-American reporter to attend a U.S. Presidential news conference in 1944.Born on July 21, 1906, in St. Louis, Missouri, Harry McAlpin studied journalism and advertising at the University of Wisconsin. After graduating in 1926, he moved to Washington, D.C., where he worked as a reporter, editor, and office manager for the Washington Tribune, an African American weekly paper, from 1926 to 1929. He then handled publicity and advertising for the National Benefit Life Insurance Company from 1929 to 1933.When the New Deal got underway in 1933, McAlpin joined the New Negro Alliance to “protect employment of Negroes under the NRA [National Recovery Administration] program.”   He served in the Federal Security Agency and the U.S. Employment Service while attending the Robert H. Terrell Law School at night. He passed the D.C. bar examination in 1937. McAlpin became an assistant to Mary McLeod Bethune, Director of Negro Affairs at the National Youth Administration.  On the side, he worked as a part-time Washington correspondent for the Chicago Defender.In 1943 the National Negro Publishers Association (NNPA) petitioned the White House Correspondents Association (WHCA) for press credentials on the grounds that the Atlanta Daily World was one of its member papers. All other African American papers at the time were weeklies, and the press credentials were limited to reporters for daily papers. The WHCA agreed but it took several more months before the NNPA could afford to open its own Washington bureau and hire McAlpin as its full-time Washington correspondent. In February 1944 he attended his first presidential press conference and was greeted by President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who shook his hand and said, “I’m glad to see you, McAlpin, and very happy to have you here.”Although accredited at the White House, McAlpin was rejected when he applied for a congressional press pass. The Standing Committee of Correspondents that controlled accreditation for the newspaper press galleries at the Capitol regarded him as a reporter for mostly weekly papers, while the Periodical Press gallery rejected him because he reported for newspapers rather than magazines. McAlpin believed that these actions were influenced “by my racial identity rather than the flimsy technicality publicly stated.”Strong competition from a rival news service, the Associated Negro Press (ANP), led the NNPA to replace McAlpin as its Washington Correspondent with Louis Lautier. McAlpin moved to Louisville, Kentucky, where he served as the only African American assistant commonwealth attorney until 1953, when he resigned after being dropped from a criminal prosecution of three white women.  McAlpin became head of the Louisville chapter of the NAACP. He died on July 18, 1985.He was posthumously honored by the White House Correspondents Association at their May 3, 2014 dinner. The WHCA created a scholarship in his memory, and President Barack Obama noted his pioneering journalism."@en .corpus409.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wil_Haygood> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wil Haygood (born 1954 in Columbus, Ohio) is an American journalist and author who is known for his 2008 Washington Post article \"A Butler Well Served By This Election\", about Eugene Allen, which served as the basis for the 2013 movie The Butler. Since then, Haygood has written a book about Allen, The Butler: A Witness to History. While being interviewed on the radio program Conversations with Allan Wolper on WBGO 88.3FM, Haygood revealed that he had tracked down another White House butler. At the last minute, this butler, who had served three presidents, refused to be interviewed; the family apparently did not want his story out against the parallel story of the election of President Barack Obama.Haygood is a fellow of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation and a professor at Miami University."@en .corpus409.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilah_Davenport_Child_Protection_Act_of_2013> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Kilah Davenport Child Protection Act of 2013 (H.R. 3627; Pub.L. 113–104) is a law that broadens the coverage of current laws that address domestic assaults by certain repeat offenders. The law also requires the United States Department of Justice to write a report on child abuse prevention laws in all U.S. states and territories, \"with a particular focus on penalties for cases of severe child abuse.\"The bill was signed into law on May 20, 2014, by President Barack Obama, becoming Pub.L. 113–104."@en .corpus409.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hoffman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jack Hoffman (born September 26, 2005) from Atkinson, Nebraska, has pediatric brain cancer. In 2012, between his first and second brain surgeries, he was introduced to Rex Burkhead, then a football player for the Nebraska Cornhuskers football team.  Subsequently, a close connection developed between Hoffman and the team.  On April 6, 2013, at the annual Nebraska spring game, Hoffman at age 7 entered the game during the fourth quarter and ran for a 69 yards (63 m) touchdown that received national and international attention.  He subsequently met with President Barack Obama, received a Best Moment ESPY Award for 2013, and the United States Senate approved a motion recognizing his role in raising awareness of pediatric brain cancer. The Team Jack Foundation was formed by his parents, Andy and Bri Hoffman, to raise money for pediatric brain research."@en .corpus41.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conservative_Democrat> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In American politics, a conservative Democrat is a member of the Democratic Party with conservative political views, or with views relatively conservative with respect to those of the national party. While such members of the Democratic Party can be found throughout the nation, actual elected officials are disproportionately found within the Southern states, and to a lesser extent within rural regions of the United States generally, more commonly in the West.21st century conservative Democrats are similar to liberal Republican counterparts, in that both became political minorities after their respective political parties underwent a major political realignment which began to gain speed in 1964. Prior to 1964, both parties had their liberal, moderate, and conservative wings, each of them influential in both parties; President Franklin D. Roosevelt had proposed a realignment of the parties in the 1940s, though the trends which brought it about did not accelerate until two decades later. During this period, conservative Democrats formed the Democratic half of the conservative coalition. After 1964, the conservative wing assumed a greater presence in the Republican Party, although it did not become the mainstay of the party until the nomination of Ronald Reagan in 1980. The Democratic Party retained its conservative wing through the 1970s with the help of urban machine politics. This political realignment was mostly complete by 1980. After 1980, the Republicans became a mostly right-wing party, with conservative leaders such as Newt Gingrich, Trent Lott, and Tom DeLay, while the Democrats, while keeping their left wing intact with such Senators as Ted Kennedy, Christopher Dodd, and Paul Sarbanes, grew a substantial moderate wing in the 1990s in place of their old conservative wing, with leaders such as Bill Clinton, Al Gore, and Evan Bayh. In 2008, the Democrats nominated Barack Obama for President; he was the first nominee since 1988 that was not a member of the moderate Democratic Leadership Council. The transformation of the Deep South into a Republican stronghold was effectively completed after the Republican Revolution of 1994, which saw Republicans pick up Congressional seats all over the country. In 2005, Georgia Senator Zell Miller, arguably the last traditional conservative Southern Democrat, retired.Since 1994, conservative and moderate Democrats have been organized in the House of Representatives as the Blue Dog Democrats and New Democrats, respectively. Another coalition of moderate to conservative Democrats within the United States Senate is the Democratic Leadership Council, which promotes centrist positions on social/cultural issues and neo-liberal fiscal issues."@en .corpus41.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Daily_News> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This article is about the present-day newspaper.  For the newspaper of the same name published from 1923 to 1954, see Los Angeles Daily News (historic).The Los Angeles Daily News is the second-largest-circulating daily newspaper of Los Angeles, California. It is the flagship of the Los Angeles Newspaper Group, a branch of Colorado-based MediaNews Group.The offices of the Daily News are in Woodland Hills, and much of the paper's reporting is targeted toward readers in the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles. Its stories tend to focus on issues involving valley businesses, education and crime. It endorsed Barack Obama for president in 2008, but then endorsed his opponent Mitt Romney in 2012.The current editor is Carolina Garcia."@en .corpus41.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ibbitson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Ibbitson (born 1955 in Gravenhurst, Ontario) is a Canadian journalist. Since 1999 he has been a political writer and columnist for The Globe and Mail.He has written five books on Ontario and Canadian politics, Promised Land: Inside the Mike Harris Revolution (1997),  Loyal No More: Ontario's Struggle for a Separate Destiny, The Polite Revolution: Perfecting the Canadian Dream (McClelland & Stewart, 2005), Open & Shut: Why America Has Barack Obama and Canada Has Stephen Harper (2009), and The Big Shift: The Seismic Change in Canadian Politics, Business, and Culture and What It Means for Our Future with Darrell Bricker (2013). His latest young adult novel, The  Landing, was winner of the 2008 Governor General's Award for English-language children's literature.He graduated from the University of Toronto in 1979 with a B.A. in English. After university, he pursued a career as a playwright, his most notable play being Mayonnaise, which debuted in December 1980 at the Phoenix Theatre in Toronto. The play went on to national production and was adapted to a TV broadcast in 1983. In the mid-1980s, Ibbitson switched over to writing young adult fiction, including the science fiction novel Starcrosser (1990). He also wrote two full-length novels, 1812: Jeremy's War and The Night Hazel Came to Town. The Landing followed in 2008. Apart from his Governor General's citation, Ibbitson has been nominated for several awards for other works, including a Governor General's Award nomination for 1812. Hazel received a nomination for the Trillium Book Award and the City of Toronto Book Award. His journalism has also been nominated for a National Newspaper Award.Ibbitson entered the University of Western Ontario in 1987, graduating with an M.A. in journalism one year later, and joined the Ottawa Citizen, where he worked as a city reporter and columnist. He covered Ontario politics from 1995 to 2001, working for the Ottawa Citizen, Southam News, the National Post and The Globe and Mail. In August 2001, Ibbitson accepted the post as Washington bureau chief at The Globe and Mail, returning to Canada one year later to take up the post of political affairs columnist. He moved back to Washington as a columnist in May 2007, returning to Ottawa as bureau chief in September 2009. In December 10 he became the paper's chief political writer. In that role, he has also frequently appeared on Canadian television news programs as a pundit and political analyst.In January 2014 Ibbitson began a one-year leave of absence from the Globe, to serve as a senior fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation and to work on a biography of Prime Minister Stephen Harper.He is married to Grant Burke."@en .corpus410.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristie_Canegallo> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kristie Canegallo was appointed Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy Implementation to United States President Barack Obama on May 16, 2014. Her responsibilities include the execution of major projects such as health care reform, education, and the war in Afghanistan. Previously, Canegallo served in the Chief of Staff's office, in the National Security Council, and in the Pentagon."@en .corpus410.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_amend_the_International_Religious_Freedom_Act_of_1998_to_include_the_desecration_of_cemeteries_among_the_many_forms_of_violations_of_the_right_to_religious_freedom> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "H.R. 4028 (Pub.L. 113–154) is a bill that would amend the findings of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 by including the desecration of cemeteries among the various violations of the right to religious freedom.The bill was introduced in the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress. It was signed into law on August 8, 2014 by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus410.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/G4_(EU)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The G4 in the European Union, also known as EU big four, refers to France, Germany, Italy and the United Kingdom. These countries are considered major European powers and they are the EU countries individually represented as full members of the G7, the G8 and the G20. The term G4 was used for the first time when French president Nicolas Sarkozy called for a meeting in Paris with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown and Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel to consider the response to the financial crisis during the Great Recession. The OECD describes them as the \"The Four Big European Countries\".The G4 attempts to lead both European domestic policy (as well as the G6) and European foreign policy (as well as the EU three). The leaders of the four countries usually have a series of joint video conference calls with US president, or with other leaders, on international issues.With Barack Obama they discussed for example  the TTIP, the Syrian civil war and the use of chemical weapons during the conflict, the Crimean Crisis and international sanctions against Russia, the Post-civil war violence in Libya  the  Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the 2014 American intervention in Iraq and the Ebola virus disease."@en .corpus410.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterans_Health_Administration_scandal_of_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "CNN reported on April 30, 2014 that at least 40 United States Armed Forces veterans died while waiting for care at the Phoenix, Arizona, Veterans Health Administration facilities. By June 5, 2014, Veterans Affairs internal investigations had identified 35 veterans who had died while waiting for care in the Phoenix VHA system. An investigation of delays in treatment throughout the Veterans Health Administration system is being conducted by the Veterans Affairs Office of the Inspector General, and the House has passed legislation to fund a $1 million criminal investigation by the Justice Department. On May 16, 2014, the Veterans Health Administration's top health official, Dr. Robert Petzel, retired early at the request of Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki. On May 30, 2014, Secretary Shinseki resigned from office amid the fallout from the controversy.  As of early June 2014, several other VA medical centers around the nation have been identified with the same problems as the Phoenix facility, and the investigations by the VA Inspector General, the Congress and others are widening.An internal VA audit released June 9, 2014 found that more than 120,000 veterans were left waiting or never got care and that schedulers were pressured to use unofficial lists or engage in inappropriate practices to make waiting times appear more favorable.On June 11, 2014, the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened a criminal investigation of the VA.President Barack Obama ordered a White House investigation. On June 27, 2014, Obama's Deputy Chief of Staff, Rob Nabors, reported \"significant and chronic system failures\" and a \"corrosive culture\" inside the Veterans Health Administration.In August 2014, Obama signed Congressional legislation regarding funding and reform of the Veterans Health Administration."@en .corpus410.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_the_Party_(Emcee_N.I.C.E._song)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Life of the Party\" is a song performed by American recording artist Emcee N.I.C.E. and features the singing debut of actress Stacey Dash and new comer Blake Smith produced by Ralph “Phantom” Stacy. It serves as the remix to the original version produced by Kelly Keys in which features just Blake Smith. It is the lead single from Emcee N.I.C.E.’s forthcoming  debut studio album, However U Want It (2014). The song was written by Aulsondro “Novelist” Hamilton with Stacey Dash joining in on the remix. It came out on October 12, 2012 alongside a long-form music video. The music video broke into the mainstream by TMZ’s subsidiary TooFab The song received high praise from Russell Simmons Global Grind, saying that “Even though Emcee N.I.C.E. who is really Nice on the mic isn’t a household name as of yet, he soon will be.”. However Stacey Dash political support for Mitt Romney and statement against President Barack Obama caused a stir among the African American community and the backlash from it caused the public to turn on anything she was a part of even though Emcee N.I.C.E. wasn’t involved."@en .corpus411.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shut_up_your_mouse,_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Shut up your mouse, Obama was an Internet meme during 2014 Egyptian presidential election, in which a supporter of Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, an unknown Egyptian woman named Mona al-Beheiri expresses her dissent, in a broken English and heavy Egyptian accent, over United States President Barack Obama's approach to el-Sisi and Egypt:\"Listen your Obama. We are Egyptian women. You are listen Obama!? Shut up your mouse Obama! Shut up your mouse Obama!! SISI YES, SISI YES! MORSI NO, MORSI NO!\"Following this short interview, Mona al-Beheiri became a well known persona, not only in Egypt but throughout the whole Arab world, and the video a viral hit and was labelled the 'Middle East's Joe the Plumber moment'. She was interviewed by many Arab news outlets, appeared on talk shows, and the video that went viral, remix versions of it also became famous. T-shirts with either her image or \"Shut up your mouse, Obama\" quote are being sold in the stores and markets all over the Arab world. In addition, she was invited to the prominent Arab Media Forum in Dubai, as an example of social media phenomenon"@en .corpus411.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Rubin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nancy H. Rubin served as U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights  and is a Presidential Appointee to the White House Council for Community Solutions.Rubin serves on the boards of the National Democratic Institute and Women for Women International. Rubin also serves on the United Nations Association Strategy Committee and Human Rights Task Force and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. She has served in the administrations of Presidents Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton, and Barack Obama.Rubin served as a board member of OEF International and chaired the Committee on Women and Law and Development, which began legal literacy projects in Asia, Africa, and Latin America. Rubin is known for her advocacy of her social innovation to support communities and democratic institutions around the world, and for her work with government, the United Nations and NGOs."@en .corpus411.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_O'Malley> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kevin F. O'Malley is the 31st United States Ambassador to Ireland. An Irish American attorney from St. Louis, Missouri, Mr. O'Malley was nominated for the post of US Ambassador to Ireland on June 5, 2014 by the White House, to replace Dan Rooney, who resigned on December 14, 2012. O'Malley was approved by the Government of Ireland and the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, before being confirmed by the full United States Senate on September 18, 2014 and officially appointed by President of the United States Barack Obama as the next US Ambassador to Ireland. He was sworn-in by Vice President of the United States Joe Biden on September 30, 2014 and presented his credentials to President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins on October 8, 2014."@en .corpus411.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Choices> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hard Choices is a memoir of former United States Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, published by Simon & Schuster in 2014, giving her account of her tenure in that position from 2009 to 2013.  It also discusses some personal aspects of her life and career, including her feelings towards President Barack Obama following her 2008 presidential campaign loss to him.  It is generally supportive of decisions made by the Obama administration.The book was seen partly in the light of a possible Clinton bid in the 2016 presidential election.  Excerpts from the book were released in advance of its publication.  Clinton staged an extensive promotional tour for the book, which had the air of a political campaign with groups both for and against her appearing at book-signing events.  Hard Choices became number one on the New York Times Best Seller List but sold considerably less than her previous memoir, Living History, had.  Interpreting what sales of the book meant for her possible political future became a subject for discussion among interested parties."@en .corpus411.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Rap_Battles_of_History_discography> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is the discography of the cast from the web series Epic Rap Battles of History. The series was created by Peter Shukoff and Lloyd Ahlquist. Additionally, Maker Studios, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, produces, directs and distributes the series. In 2013, the single, \"Barack Obama vs. Mitt Romney\", was the first YouTube music video to achieve a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). \"Darth Vader vs. Hitler\" and \"Einstein vs. Stephen Hawking\" also achieved RIAA gold certification during 2013.On September 26, 2010, \"John Lennon vs. Bill O'Reilly,\" the first music video was released on Shukoff's channel, where the rest of the first season was released. Since the second season, ERB music videos have been distributed through its own YouTube channel, which has amassed over 11 million subscribers and nearly 2 billion video views.ERBOH Season 1, the series' first album was released on a compact disc through DFTBA Records in December 2011, including all 15 tracks from the first season of the series, including 2 bonus live tracks. Epic Rap Battles of History Season 2 was digitally released on May 22, 2013 on iTunes through Maker Studios.The popularity of the music videos has led to mainstream partnerships, such as the one with Ubisoft, using the \"Blackbeard vs Al Capone\" episode to promote Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. ERB's popularity has also led to its association with mainstream artists such as Snoop Dogg, \"Weird Al\" Yankovic, and Chali 2na."@en .corpus411.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Task_Force_to_Protect_Students_from_Sexual_Assault> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault was formed on January 22, 2014, after President Barack Obama directed the Office of the Vice President of the United States and the White House Council on Women and Girls to \"strengthen and address compliance issues and provide institutions with additional tools to respond to and address rape and sexual assault.\" The Task force is part of a wider federal move to bring awareness to sexual violence on American campuses, which also included the Office for Civil Rights release of a list of American higher education institutions with open Title IX sexual violence investigations and the It's On Us public awareness campaign. The current co-chairs of the Task Force are Vice President Joe Biden and Senior Advisor to the President Valerie Jarrett."@en .corpus411.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/OZY_Media> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "OZY Media is an international online magazine that focuses on news, arts, and culture. OZY was launched in September 2013 by former MSNBC news anchor, journalist, and businessman Carlos Watson. OZY headquarters are in Mountain View, California, and it also has offices in Washington, D.C. and New York City.OZY's employees come from diverse backgrounds that range from Yahoo, VICE, USA Today, Goldman Sachs, CNN and more. Senior Editor Aneesh Raman was a CNN reporter and former speechwriter for President Barack Obama.OZY focuses on the \"change generation\" by delivering content that focuses on what is new and next which is delivered to a global audience."@en .corpus412.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autism_CARES_Act_of_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Combating Autism Reauthorization Act of 2014 or Autism Collaboration, Accountability, Research, Education, and Support Act of 2014 or Autism CARES Act of 2014 (H.R. 4631; Pub.L. 113–157) is a bill that would amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize research, surveillance, and education activities related to autism spectrum disorders (autism) conducted by various agencies within the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The bill authorizes $1.3 billion in funding for fiscal years 2015-2019.The bill was introduced and passed in the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress. On August 8, 2014, President Barack Obama signed the bill into law."@en .corpus412.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_African_Leaders_Initiative> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Young African Leaders Initiative (YALI) is an initiative of the United States Department of State. It was begun in 2010 by President Barack Obama. YALI is a programme aimed at educating and networking young African leaders with activities including a fellowship to study in the United States for six weeks, followup resources, and student exchange programs. In 2014, the program was expanded to include four regional \"leadership centers\" in Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa.500 participants in the program arrived in the United States on June 16, 2014."@en .corpus412.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/America:_Imagine_the_World_Without_Her> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "America: Imagine the World Without Her is a 2014 political documentary film by Dinesh D'Souza and is a follow-up to his previous documentary 2016: Obama's America (2012). In the follow-up, the conservative filmmaker seeks to portray United States history in a more positive light, in contrast to perceived liberal critiques of its history, including theft of Native American and Mexican lands, black slavery, contemporary foreign policy, and its capitalist system. D'Souza collaborated with John Sullivan and Bruce Schooley to adapt his book of the same name into a screenplay. D'Souza produced the documentary with Gerald R. Molen and directed it with Sullivan. The film combined historical reenactments with interviews with different political figures.America was marketed to political conservatives and through Christian marketing firms. Lionsgate released America in three theaters on June 27, 2014 and expanded its distribution on the weekend of the U.S. holiday Independence Day on July 4, 2014. CinemaScore reported that the opening-weekend audiences gave the film an \"A+\" grade. The film grossed $14.4 million, which made it the highest-grossing documentary in the United States in 2014, though D'Souza's previous documentary 2016 had grossed over $33 million. Most professional film critics panned the film as partisan. Political commentators analyzed D'Souza's rebuttal of Howard Zinn's criticisms, the filmmaker's treatment of Saul Alinsky, Barack Obama, and Hillary Clinton, and D'Souza's depiction of his prosecution. Conservative commentators expressed a mix of full and qualified support for the documentary and D'Souza's intentions. Following the documentary's theatrical release, Republican state legislators in Florida proposed legislation to require students to see the documentary."@en .corpus412.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_authorize_the_Secretary_of_the_Interior_to_take_certain_Federal_lands_located_in_El_Dorado_County,_California,_into_trust_for_the_benefit_of_the_Shingle_Springs_Band_of_Miwok_Indians> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Pub.L. 113–127 (H.R. 2388) is a U.S. public law that would take specified federal land in El Dorado County, California, into trust for the Shingle Springs Band of Miwok Indians. The United States Secretary of the Interior would be responsible for carrying this out.The bill passed both the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate during the 113th United States Congress. President Barack Obama signed into law on July 16, 2014, making it Pub.L. 113–127."@en .corpus412.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasha_Chanoff> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sasha Chanoff is an American aid organizer and humanitarian based in Somerville, Massachusetts who is notable for rescuing thousands of refugees in Africa.Chanoff founded a humanitarian assistance organization for refugees, called RefugePoint, which identifies endangered people, often children, generally in Africa, and provides assistance to them. Generally this involves coordinating their resettlement, by providing logistics including food and money, and working with immigration authorities in countries such as the United States, Canada, Australia, and elsewhere. He enlists the help of the mass media to encourage donations as well as increase public awareness of the numerous problems facing refugees. For example, he was instrumental in getting RefugePoint featured prominently on the American TV news documentary program 60 Minutes in 2013.Chanoff believes resettlement is a vastly superior alternative to refugee camps, since re-settled refugees can support themselves and \"get on with their own lives\". He views his role as a humanitarian relief organizer to \"attempt to help everyone in need.\" His organization helps refugees in other ways, such as finding out whether the refugee's relatives are alive and where they are located, and passing along this information to the refugee. In 2014, he was instrumental in helping to rescue 3500 boys from Sudan and 89 girls, and he met with United States president Barack Obama with these rescued children.In 2006, he founded the organization called Mapendo, which was renamed RefugePoint in 2011, to aid at-risk and obscure African refugee groups. Mapendo helped to evacuate more than 10,000 refugees from Sudan, Kenya, Burundi, and the Democratic Republic of Congo. He explained:Oftentimes, ethnic minorities, girls and widows are not safe in the refugee camps. Rape is fairly common, so a lot of women and their families flee the camps out of fear and end up homeless in urban centers with no access to services. Mapendo seeks to find these refugees and help them get the protection and services they need. The organization is named after Rose Mapendo, a Tutsi woman who spent 16 months in a Rwandan death camp with her husband and seven children, and whose experience we wanted to honor. Rose lost her husband in the camps but now lives in Arizona with her children. Mapendo is a Swahili word that means \"great love.\""@en .corpus412.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterinary_Medicine_Mobility_Act_of_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act of 2014 (H.R. 1528; Pub.L. 113–143) is a United States public law that amends the Controlled Substances Act to clarify that veterinarians are not required to have separate registrations to dispense controlled substances outside of their principal place of business, such as when treating animals on a farm.The bill was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress. It was signed into law on August 1, 2014 by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus413.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unlocking_Consumer_Choice_and_Wireless_Competition_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Unlocking Consumer Choice and Wireless Competition Act (S. 517; Pub.L. 113–144) is a United States public law that repeals a Library of Congress rule that made it illegal for people to unlock their cellphones.The bill passed in both the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress. It was signed into law on August 1, 2014 by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus414.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Garcia_Quiroz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lisa Garcia Quiroz is a Hispanic-American business executive at Time Warner who oversees its charitable foundation and philanthropic activity and corporate responsibility departments. She serves as the media firm's chief diversity officer. She created and launched Time-Warner's People en Español, recognized by Adweek Magazine in 2001 and 2002 for circulation growth. She created and launched a spin-off publication of Time Magazine, entitled Time for Kids, a magazine geared to children in classrooms which achieved a circulation of over 3.5 million. In addition, she serves on a number of nonprofit boards including the Public Theater, the Corporation for National and Community Service and the Hispanic Scholarship Fund. She was nominated by American president Barack Obama in 2010 to serve as a director for the Corporation for National and Community Service. She was appointed by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg to serve on the city's Commission on Human Rights."@en .corpus414.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13672> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13672, signed by U.S. President Barack Obama on July 21, 2014, amended two earlier executive orders to extend protection against discrimination in hiring and employment to additional classes. It prohibited discrimination in the civilian federal workforce on the basis of gender identity and in hiring by federal contractors on the basis of both sexual orientation and gender identity."@en .corpus415.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borinqueneers_Congressional_Gold_Medal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The \" Borinqueneers Congressional Gold Medal\" is a Congressional Gold Medal awarded to Puerto Rico's 65th Infantry Regiment by President Barack Obama, at an official ceremony on June 10, 2014. On May 19, 2014, the United States House of Representatives passed the Bill, known as HR 1726 and three days later on May 22, 2014, the Senate approved Bill S. 1174. With the approval of both houses, the president signed the legislation which awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the 65th Infantry, the first segregated Hispanic military unit, and the first unit of the Korean War, to be receive such distinction."@en .corpus415.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunscreen_Innovation_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Sunscreen Innovation Act (Pub.L. 113–195) is a 2014 law that amended the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish an expedited process for the review and approval of over-the-counter (OTC) sunscreens. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had not approved a new active ingredient in sunscreen since 1999, despite some sunscreens having been approved and used overseas for a decade. The new law gave the FDA one year to respond to the existing backlog of sunscreen ingredient approval requests, and then 18 months to reply to any future applications.The bill was introduced during the 113th United States Congress by Rep. Ed Whitfield (R, KY-1) and Sen. Jack Reed (D, RI), and signed into law by President Barack Obama on November 26, 2014."@en .corpus415.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_King_(hairstylist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ron King (born August 18, 1966) is a celebrity  hairstylist and radio and television personality with a salon in Austin, Texas. King has been featured on The Rachael Ray Show, KXAN-TV,  Your Time with Kim Iverson radio show  and appears in a regular segment on The KVUE Insider and is a columnist with Austin Monthly Magazine. He has also been featured in national publications including InStyle and US Weekly. He was the first to be appointed in the Southwest region as a national spokesman and stylist for L'Oréal Professionnel USA. King has worked with celebrities including Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, Nancy Pelosi, Katy Perry, Lance Armstrong, Luke Wilson, Mariska Hargitay, Maria Shriver, Arianna Huffington, Kristin Chenoweth, Owen Wilson, George Lopez, Michael J. Fox, Ann Curry, Hoda Kotb and Kathie Lee Gifford."@en .corpus415.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Education_of_Auma_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Education of Auma Obama is a 2011 German documentary on the life of Barack Obama's half-sister Auma Obama. It won the Best Diaspora Documentary Award at the Africa Movie Academy Awards."@en .corpus415.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexa_L._Wesner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alexa L. Wesner is the current United States Ambassador to Austria. She was nominated by President Barack Obama on July 27, 2013 and was presented with her credentials on September 12."@en .corpus415.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_Afghan_Allies_Extension_Act_of_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Emergency Afghan Allies Extension Act of 2014 (H.R. 5195; Pub.L. 113–160) is a bill that would authorize an additional 1,000 emergency Special Immigrant Visas that the United States Department of State could issue to Afghan translators who served with U.S. troops during the War in Afghanistan.The bill was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress. It was signed into law on August 8, 2014 by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus415.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Alemayehou> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mimi Alemayehou (born 1969) is a development finance executive who served as Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) from March 2010 to April 2014. In June 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Alemayehou to the board of directors of the African Development Foundation.While at OPIC, she oversaw a portfolio of approximately $16 billion invested in over 100 countries. During this time, the agency partnered with President Obama’s Power Africa Initiative, a blueprint for improving access to electricity in underdeveloped regions of Africa. In March 2014, Alemayehou testified on behalf of OPIC at the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing on the Power Africa Initiative.Prior to her position at OPIC, Alemayehou served as the United States Executive Director at the African Development Bank (AfDB), where she executed board decisions on behalf of the U.S. government. She received a Distinguished Honor Award from then-U.S. Secretary of Treasury Henry Paulson for her service in this role. Prior to the AfDB, she was founder and Managing Partner of Trade Links, LLC, a development consulting firm that worked with clients on emerging markets issues and on promoting African exports under the African Growth and Opportunity Act.Previously, Alemayehou was with the International Executive Service Corps where she managed a multi-country trade project in Africa.  She also served as a Director of International Regulatory Affairs at WorldSpace Corporation, a satellite telecommunications company focused on emerging markets.Alemayehou is a naturalized U.S. citizen; she was born in Ethiopia and spent her early years in Kenya before immigrating to the United States. Alemayehou earned her bachelor’s degree from West Texas A&M University and holds a master’s degree in International Business and International Law and Development from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.In December 2013, Forbes Magazine featured Alemayehou on its list of “The 20 Young Power Women in Africa 2013.\""@en .corpus416.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinjar_massacre> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Sinjar massacre was conducted by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) as part of the August 2014 offensive. Sinjar (Kurdish: شنگال Şingal) was one of many towns captured during ISIL's offensive in early August 2014. Zumar was also taken over by ISIL, as well as the Mosul Dam. Kurds appealed to the Government of Iraq and the United States for air support to assist their cause. Kurdish army officials Peshmerga also said to a newspaper in an interview that air strikes are needed badly to stop a possible ISIL invasion into Iraqi Kurdistan.On 7 August, the U.S. President, Barack Obama, stated that the U.S. would use air power to assist trapped civilians threatened with acts of genocide and attack ISIL forces. Obama stated that his decision was made because U.S. \"leadership is necessary to underwrite the global security and prosperity\", \"to protect our [American] people,\" to \"support our allies,\" to \"lead coalitions of countries to uphold international norms,\" \"to prevent a potential act of genocide,\" and to \"strive to stay true to the fundamental values—the desire to live with basic freedom and dignity.\""@en .corpus416.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeisha_Butterfield_Jones> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Valeisha Butterfield Jones (born 1978) is an political strategist, youth and women’s activist, author and and media personality. She is the Founder and CEO of the Women in Entertainment Empowerment Network, the author of The Girlprint and the former National Youth Vote Director for President Barack Obama's 2012 reelection campaign."@en .corpus416.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoAnne_A._Epps> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "JoAnne A. Epps is an American law professor, legal author, and the current dean of the Temple University Beasley School of Law. She has been named as a potential Barack Obama Supreme Court candidate. Epps received a B.A. from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut, and a J.D. from Yale Law School. She became dean at Temple in 2008."@en .corpus416.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_of_Michael_Brown> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The shooting of Michael Brown occurred on August 9, 2014, in Ferguson, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis. Brown, an 18-year-old black man, was fatally shot by Darren Wilson, 28, a white Ferguson police officer. The disputed circumstances of the shooting and the resultant protests and civil unrest received considerable attention in the U.S. and abroad, and sparked a vigorous debate about law enforcement's relationship with African-Americans, and police use of force doctrine in Missouri and nationwide. Shortly before the shooting, Brown robbed a nearby convenience store, stole several cigarillos, and shoved the store clerk. Wilson had been notified by police dispatch of the robbery and the suspect's description. He encountered Brown and Dorian Johnson as they were walking down the middle of the street blocking traffic. Although Wilson's initial contact with Brown and Johnson was unrelated to the robbery, Wilson said that he recognized that the two men matched the robbery suspect descriptions. Wilson backed up his cruiser and blocked them. An altercation ensued with Brown and Wilson struggling through the window of the police vehicle until Wilson's gun was fired. Brown and Johnson then fled, with Wilson in pursuit of Brown. Brown stopped and turned to face the officer. The entire interaction eventually resulted in Officer Wilson firing at him several times all striking him in the front. In the entire altercation, Wilson fired a total of twelve bullets; the last was probably the fatal shot. Brown was unarmed. Witness reports differed as to whether and when Brown had his hands raised, and whether he was moving toward Wilson when the final shots were fired.The shooting sparked unrest in Ferguson, in part due to the belief among many that Brown was surrendering, as well as longstanding racial tensions between the majority-black population and the majority-white city government and police. Protests, both peaceful and violent, along with vandalism and looting, continued for more than a week, resulting in night curfews. The response of area police agencies in dealing with the protests received significant criticism from the media and politicians.  There were concerns over insensitivity, tactics and a militarized response. Missouri Governor Jay Nixon ordered local police organizations to cede much of their authority to the Missouri State Highway Patrol. Mainly peaceful protests continued for several weeks.Robert P. McCulloch, the Prosecuting Attorney for St. Louis County, Missouri, decided to bring the case in front of a grand jury to determine whether there was probable cause to indict Wilson for his actions. On November 24, McCulloch announced that the jury had decided not to indict  Wilson. Legal analysts raised concerns over McCulloch's unorthodox approach, asserting that this process could have influenced the grand jury to decide not to indict, and highlighted significant differences between a typical grand jury proceeding in Missouri and Wilson's case.In September, Eric Holder, the U.S. Attorney General, launched a federal investigation of the Missouri city's police force to examine whether officers routinely engaged in racial profiling or showed a pattern of excessive force. On December 1, U.S. President Barack Obama announced that the federal government will spend $75 million on body cameras for law enforcement officers,  as one of the measures taken in response to the shooting."@en .corpus417.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_House_of_Representatives_v._Burwell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "United States House of Representatives v. Burwell, et al. (also known as the House Republicans' lawsuit against President Obama) is a lawsuit in which the United States House of Representatives is suing departments and officials within the executive branch, asserting that President Barack Obama has acted illegally in his implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. The litigation was authorized in a simple resolution on July 30, 2014, by a party-line vote of 225 to 201. All 225 votes in favor of filing a lawsuit were Republicans, and 5 Republicans joined 196 Democrats to vote against such a lawsuit. The vote authorized the initiation of \"litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch officials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the United States\". The lawsuit proposal was touted by House Speaker John Boehner, and asserts that President Obama exceeded his constitutional authority in delaying the implementation of the employer mandate of the Affordable Care Act.Republicans filed the suit on November 21, 2014 in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, one day after President Obama issued executive orders on immigration reform. Republicans discussed expanding the scope of the lawsuit to include the executive orders that Obama issued on immigration, but the scope of the lawsuit was not expanded. Legal experts have said that the lawsuit is likely to fail.The named defendants are the United States Department of Health and Human Services and the secretary in charge of the department, Sylvia Burwell, and the United States Department of the Treasury and the secretary in charge of the department, Jacob Lew."@en .corpus417.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Sotloff> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steven Joel Sotloff (May 11, 1983 – c. September 2, 2014) was an American-Israeli journalist. In August 2013, he was kidnapped in Aleppo, Syria, and held captive by militants from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). On September 2, 2014, ISIL released a beheading video, showing one of its members beheading Sotloff. Following Sotloff's beheading, U.S. President Barack Obama stated that the United States will take action to \"degrade and destroy\" ISIS."@en .corpus417.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groundswell_(organization)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Groundswell is a non-profit organization based in Washington, D.C. that uses collective buying power to drive positive social change. Groundswell was founded by Will Byrne and a group of friends who had previously worked together on the Barack Obama presidential campaign. As of July 2014, Groundswell has helped over 3000 people and 300 organizations switch to 100 percent wind-powered energy."@en .corpus417.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2014_South_Napa_earthquake> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2014 South Napa earthquake occurred in and around the city of Napa, California on August 24 at 3:20 a.m. local time, measuring at 6.0 on the moment magnitude scale. The tremor's epicenter was located south of Napa,  approximately 3.7 miles (6.0 km) northwest of American Canyon near the West Napa Fault, beneath the Napa Valley Marina on Milton Road, just west of the Napa County Airport.The event was the largest in the San Francisco Bay Area since the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake.  Significant damage and several fires were reported in the southern Napa Valley area, and there was also damage in the nearby city of Vallejo, in Solano County. The quake killed one person, injured about 200, and interrupted  power to more than 69,000 Pacific Gas and Electric Company customers.  An experimental earthquake warning system alerted seismologists ten seconds before the quake. On September 11, 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama declared it a major federal disaster. Early estimates by California officials indicated that the earthquake caused over $400 million in damage, of which $87 million may be eligible for federal reimbursement."@en .corpus417.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thulani_Maseko> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Thulani Rudolf Maseko is a Swaziland human rights lawyer. He was born at Luhleko, a place near Bhunya in Swaziland's Manzini Region. On the 18th of March 2014, Thulani was jailed for contempt of court after criticising Swaziland's judicial system.In April, 2014 PUDEMO General Secretary Mlungisi Makhanya was arrested for wearing a party T-shirt to protest the incarceration of Thulani Maseko and journalist Bheki Makhubu.In August 2014, Maseko wrote to US President Barack Obama from prison, seeking his intervention ahead of the 2014 United States–Africa Leaders Summit."@en .corpus417.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respectability_politics> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Respectability politics or the politics of respectability refers to attempts by marginalised groups to police their own members and show their social values as being continuous and compatible with mainstream values rather than challenging the mainstream for its failure to accept difference. The concept was first articulated by Evelyn Brooks Higginbotham in her book Righteous Discontent: The Women's Movement in the Black Baptist Church, 1880—1920. In the context of black American history, respectability politics was practised as a way of attempting to consciously set aside and undermine cultural and moral practices thought to be disrespected by wider society, especially in the context of the family and good manners. The development of African-American politics of responsibility has been traced to writers and activists including W. E. B. DuBois and Booker T. Washington, and has been used as a way of understanding the election and political trajectory of Barack Obama.Campaigners for gay rights have also struggled with the issue of respectability politics. A distinction has been drawn between an attitude that celebrated and affirmed sexual difference in 1960s gay rights campaigns and contemporary approaches that seek to reduce and underplay sexual differences and portray gay people as having similar values to wider heterosexual society."@en .corpus418.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/American-led_intervention_in_Syria> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Forces from the United States, Bahrain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates launched airstrikes in Syria against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and affiliates of al-Qaeda, beginning in September 2014, as part of a multinational campaign against Islamist extremist militant groups.The United States began surveillance missions on ISIL positions in Syria in September 2014. On September 10, U.S. President Barack Obama gave a speech indicating his intent to \"degrade and ultimately destroy\" ISIL, saying, \"I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are. That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria, as well as Iraq.\"On September 22, 2014, the United States, Bahrain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates began to strike targets inside Syria, which also included the Khorasan group, an offshoot of al-Nusra, in the Idlib Governorate to the west of Aleppo, as well as the al-Nusra Front around Ar-Raqqah. On November 2, in response to the intervention, representatives from Ahrar ash-Sham attended a meeting with the al-Nusra Front, the Khorasan Group, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and Jund al-Aqsa, which sought to unite several hard-line groups against the US-led Coalition and other moderate Syrian Rebel groups. On November 6, a US airstrike struck Ahrar ash-Sham at its headquarters in Idlib. By 14 November 2014, it was revealed that the negotiations between al-Nusra, Jund al-Aqsa, ISIL, Ahrar ash-Sham had failed. In late November 2014, Morocco joined the coalition in both Iraq and Syria as the first African member."@en .corpus418.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel-Majed_Abdel_Bary> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary (Arabic:  عبد المجيد عبد الباري‎) is a British-Egyptian amateur rapper from West London, also known as Lyricist Jinn and L Jinny, and a suspected Islamist militant.After circulation of video footage related to the decapitation of the American journalist James Foley, British intelligence has reportedly centred on three suspects who might be the militant in the footage dubbed \"Jihadi John\", putting a knife to Foley's throat and later on boasting his beheading. The main suspect is Abdel Bary, with the other two being Abu Hussain Al-Britani, 20 from Birmingham, and Abu Abdullah al-Britani, in his twenties from Portsmouth.Abdel Bary is also a main suspect of being the individual in a footage for the killing of American journalist Steven Sotloff while appearing brandishing a threatening knife on Sotloff's neck, uttering threats to President Barack Obama and later boasting of Sotloff's beheading. He is also believed to be the individual appearing in the video for beheading of a third victim, the British aid worker David Haines and a fourth victim, the British aid worker Alan Henning."@en .corpus418.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Lovingood> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Marcus Lovingood (born July 19, 1985) is an American new media producer, director, distributor and internet entrepreneur. Lovingood first appeared as a young performer in numerous Disneyland Resort parades and shows such as Fantasmic! and Block Party Bash while also touring in two Broadway World Tours of West Side Story. Lovingood appeared on Bravo's 'Start-Ups: Silicon Valley, and is also known for his work on the 2012 United States presidential election of President Barack Obama by founding the Pride PAC, the first LGBT-based Super Political Action Committee. Lovingood is the CEO and Founder of Futureleap Media, a social media production and distribution agency that handles the VOD distribution of titles such as Wannabe starring Octavia Spencer and Ronny and I, Directed by Guy Shalem and Executive Produced by Jane Lynch and Bryan Singer."@en .corpus419.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_and_Federal_Records_Act_Amendments_of_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Presidential and Federal Records Act Amendments of 2014 (H.R. 1233) is a bill (law), amending the Presidential Records Act, signed into law by President Barack Obama. The act amends federal law regarding the preservation, storage, and management of federal records, specifically towards ensuring, prior to the release of records, the Archivist of the United States gives appropriate notice to both the current President of the United States and the President who was in office at the time the documentation was made . The last provision forbids officers and employees of the executive branch from using personal email accounts for government business, unless the employee copies all emails to either the originating officer or employee's official government email, or to an official government record system to be recorded and archived.The bill was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress by Representative Elijah Cummings."@en .corpus419.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Conferences_on_Peace_and_Security_in_Iraq_(2014)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Following US President Barack Obama's address on the subject, a series of international conferences took place in order to build a formal coalition to destroy the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which had taken over large portions of Syria and Iraq and had briefly invaded a small part of Lebanon."@en .corpus419.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rapoport> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dan Rapoport (Russian: Дэн Рапопорт) is an American investor and financial executive of Latvian-Jewish origin. He was born in Riga, Latvia, at the time the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic and today the independent nation of Latvia.  In 1980, he and his family emigrated to the United State after receiving political asylum, eventually settling in Houston, Texas.  After graduating from the University of Houston, where he was a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, he moved to Russia in 1991 as a financial analyst for  Phibro Energy, working on the first Russian American oil production joint venture in Siberia. Rapoport remained in Russia for the next 22 years, working in corporate finance and investment banking, holding senior positions with several Russian financial institutions and completing many large transactions.  In 2008, Rapoport was charged by the SEC for an alleged violation of Section 15 (a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, claimed to have occurred while he was Managing Director of CentreInvest Securities (Moscow) and indirectly overseeing the activities of CentreInvest Inc. (NY). The SEC was unable to properly serve Rapoport with due notice at his Moscow location, and in 2009, the SEC entered a default order judgment. Once aware of the default judgement, Rapoport filed a motion under Exchange Rule 155 (b) to vacate the default judgement.  In 2012, the DC District Court, presided over by Chief Judge Sentelle, unanimously granted Rapoport's petition to vacate the SEC's order, quoting SEC's failure to consistently apply its own rule.Rapoport returned to the US in 2012. He left Russia in part to his support for Alexei Navalny, an outspoken campaigner against Russian corporate and government corruption and the most vocal critic of Putin and his regime.In 2012 US Pesidential elections, Dan Rapoport advised Mitt Romney for President Campaign on Russia related issues.  Rapoport's views were voiced by Romney during the October 22, 2012, TV debate with Barack Obama: \"I’m not going to wear rose-colored glasses when it comes to Russia or Mr. Putin\".Rapoport resides in Washington, DC, where he manages Rapoport Capital and is active in a number of philanthropic organizations in US and Russia. He is a partner in Rush Pictures Production (formerly the Russian American Movie Company) that co-produced Captivity (2007), and You and I (2011). He is a board member of Share Care, a Moscow-based charity that provides assistance to Russian orphans, American Russian Cultural Cooperation Foundation and is a 32nd Degree Freemason."@en .corpus419.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeForShe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "HeForShe is a solidarity campaign for gender equality initiated by UN Women. It aims to engage men and boys as agents of change for the achievement of gender equality and women’s rights, by encouraging them to take action against inequalities faced by women and girls. Grounded in the idea that gender equality is an issue that affects all people — socially, economically and politically — it seeks to actively involve men and boys in a movement that was originally conceived as “a struggle for women by women”. Some noticed the contradiction of a campaign for gender equality which take only action against inequalities faced by women and girls, ignoring problems affecting men and boys.A special event was held to kick-start the HeForShe campaign on 20 September, 2014 at the Headquarters of the United Nations in New York. It was hosted by UN Women Goodwill Ambassador Emma Watson, whose speech — about her own path to feminism and her call to involve men and boys in promoting gender equality — was widely circulated via social media.At that event, UN Women made a call to mobilize the first 100,000 men in the campaign, a goal successfully reached in just three days. United States President Barack Obama, actor Matt Damon, and UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon are among some of the high-profile male champions featured on the site.The HeForShe map — which uses a geo-locator to record global engagement in the campaign — was also activated. The map counts the number of men and boys around the world who have taken the HeForShe pledge, as UN Women works towards its goal of engaging 1 billion men and boys by July 2015. The campaign website also includes implementation plans for UN agencies, individuals and civil society, as well as on university and college campuses, both through online and sustained engagement."@en .corpus419.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominik_Kuhn> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dominik Kuhn (pseudonym: Dodokay; born September 16, 1969) is a German producer, language artist, comedian, director and musician. He is the owner of media production company STARPATROL Entertainment.He became famous in Germany with Swabian fandub videos, dubbing over, among others, the Dalai Lama or Barack Obama in Swabian German dialect."@en .corpus42.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannity> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hannity is a television show on the Fox News network, a replacement to the long-running show Hannity & Colmes. It is hosted by conservative political pundit Sean Hannity. After Fox News' program schedule changed on October 7, 2013, all Hannity episodes are pre-recorded. From 1996 (as Hannity & Colmes) until October 4, episodes were live at the former timeslot (9pm), now taken by The Kelly File.Following the announcement on November 25, 2008 that Alan Colmes would leave the show, it was decided that the show would simply be entitled Hannity.On the rationale for the new program, Fox News Senior Vice President Bill Shine has stated:The show's format consists of Hannity interviewing guests and providing his own commentary. Among notable segments was The Great American Panel, which ran near the end of the show, featuring Hannity and three guests (two of which were notable political or news commentators, one liberal and the other conservative, with the third member being a special guest who was notable outside the political or journalistic community but usually holding conservative political views) in a panel discussion on important topics of the day. The Panel was split into two parts; in between parts, Hannity (or sometimes the special panel guest) will toss a miniature football towards the camera. The first guest on Hannity was former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.  Hannity featured an exclusive interview with Don Imus during his premiere week. During the second week, conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh appeared in an exclusive two-part interview about the future of the conservative movement and the newly inaugurated President Barack Obama."@en .corpus42.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appalachian_Regional_Commission> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) is a United States federal-state partnership that works with the people of Appalachia to create opportunities for self-sustaining economic development and improved quality of life.  The Commission is a partnership of 420 counties or county-equivalents (including eight independent cities in Virginia, where state law makes cities administratively separate from counties), and the governors of West Virginia, Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia, and a presidential appointee representing the federal government. It is headquartered in Washington, D.C.The current Federal Co-Chair is Earl F. Gohl, who was appointed by President Barack Obama in 2010.  The current States' Co-Chair is Alabama Governor Robert Bentley.  Grassroots participation is provided through 73 local development districts, which are multi-county organizations with boards made up of elected officials, businesspeople, and other local leaders.  The mission of ARC is to be a strategic partner and advocate for sustainable community and economic development in Appalachia. The ARC is a planning, research, advocacy and funding organization; it does not have any governing powers within the region."@en .corpus42.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flanders_Field_American_Cemetery_and_Memorial> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Flanders Field American Cemetery and Memorial is a World War I cemetery on the southeast edge of the town of Waregem, Belgium.  The memorial was designed by architect Paul Cret. This is the only American World War I cemetery in Belgium and 411 American servicemen are buried or commemorated there. Many of them fell at Spitaals Bosschen, an action of the Ypres-Lys Campaign by the 91st Infantry Division in the closing days of World War I.This cemetery is administered by the American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC) and occupies a six acre (24,000 m²) site. As with all Allied war cemeteries, the land was provided in perpetuity by the Belgian government. The headstones are aligned in four symmetrical areas around the white stone chapel that stands in the center of the cemetery. The side walls of the chapel are inscribed with the names of 43 missing American servicemen who have no known graves. It is open daily from 09:00 to 17:00 except 25 December and 1 January. The ABMC also administers two American cemeteries in Belgium for World War II casualties: Ardennes American Cemetery and Memorial; and Henri-Chapelle American Cemetery and Memorial.The Flanders Field cemetery is in the area known as Flanders Fields, where fierce fighting took place throughout the war on the Western Front. Canadian war poet Lieutenant Colonel John McCrae wrote the poem In Flanders Fields on 3 May 1915, after witnessing the death of his friend, Lieutenant Alexis Helmer, the day before.Charles Lindbergh flew over the Flanders Field American Cemetery and Memorial on 30 May 1927.American president Barack Obama visited the cemetery during his stay in Belgium on March 26, 2014, where he, Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo, and King Philippe laid wreaths at the white stone monument."@en .corpus42.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_J._Hutchinson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dennis J. Hutchinson (born 1946) is a Senior Lecturer in Law at the University of Chicago, and Master of the undergraduate College's New Collegiate Division where he directs the Law, Letters, and Society program. His interests primarily lie in the field constitutional law, paying special attention to issues of race. Indeed, he is perhaps best known within the legal community at large for his work as Editor of the Law School's Supreme Court Review. Hutchinson graduated summa cum laude from Bowdoin College, and studied briefly as a JD candidate at Chicago before attending  Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar in Jurisprudence, where he graduated with a BA and MA. Upon return to the United States, he completed his formal studies at the University of Texas Law School, where he took an LLM. Hutchinson then served as a law clerk to Justice William O. Douglas and Justice Byron White of the Supreme Court of the United States. His biography of \"Whizzer White\" was a New York Times 'Notable Book' for 1998.  He was once married to Judge Diane Pamela Wood, who sits on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and who remains an academic colleague. Hutchinson was one of several law faculty members who were called upon by various media sources to provide commentary about President Barack Obama's tenure teaching constitutional law at the school, and was largely supportive."@en .corpus420.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraqi_Jewish_Archive> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Iraqi Jewish Archive is a collection of 2,700 books and tens of thousands of Jewish history documents  found by the United States Army in the basement of Saddam Hussein's intelligence headquarters during the invasion of Iraq in 2003. The collection includes a wide variety of books and rare documents, ranging from 500 years old commentaries on the Talmud to personal letters sent during the 1950s. The Intelligence Agency of the Iraqi regime gathered the books and documents from synagogues and Jewish community institutions after almost all Iraqi Jews made Aliyah to Israel in Operation Ezra and Nehemiah. Upon leaving to Israel, Iraqi Jews were forced by the Iraqi government to leave most of their belongings behind, and thus the archive was created from the books and papers that were left behind.The archive was found by the American army in 2003 in a difficult condition in a flooded basement. It was rescued due to book freezing process on special trucks, and then brought to the United States with the consent of the new Iraqi government, and along with an American commitment to return the archive back to Iraq at the end of a period of preservation and presentation of selected items. The archive came to Washington and was handled by the National Archives of the United States. At a cost of $3 million, the archive is ment to be digitized and fully available online, and at the end of that process the rare books and documents are deignated to be returned to Iraq. A large number of Jewish organizations were joined in an effort to prevent the return of archives to Iraq, on the grounds that the archive is a stolen Jewish property. However, due to a contractual obligation to return the archive, jurists are divided over whether there are legal grounds to keep the archives in the United States.On February 2014 the United States Senate unanimously passed a resolution calling on President Barack Obama to reopen a new negotiations over the agreement on the archive return to Iraq. In May of the same year, it was reported that the governments of the United States and Iraq have reached an agreement that most of the items of the archive will remain in the United States for several more years."@en .corpus420.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_White_Vance> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joyce White Vance (born 1960) is an American lawyer, who serves as the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Alabama.  She was one of the first five U.S. Attorneys, and the first female U.S. Attorney, nominated by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus420.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_White_House_shooting> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2011 White House shooting occurred on November 11, 2011, when Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez, an unemployed 21-year-old man who was obsessed with U.S. President Barack Obama, fired a semi-automatic rifle at the White House. At least seven bullets hit the second floor. Neither the president nor First Lady Michelle Obama were home at the time, although their younger daughter and the first lady's mother were. No one was injured. It took four days for the Secret Service to realize that bullets had struck the White House. Michelle Obama learned of the shooting from an usher, then summoned Mark J. Sullivan, director of the Secret Service, to find out why the first family had not been informed.In September 2013, Ortega-Hernandez pled guilty to one count of property destruction and one count of discharging a firearm during a crime of violence, thereby avoiding the charge of attempting to assassinate the President. In March 2014, he was sentenced to 25 years' imprisonment. In September 2014, The Washington Post published an investigative report detailing errors that the Secret Service made on the night of the shooting that led to the crime going undiscovered. A House of Representatives hearing followed and Julia Pierson, director of the Secret Service, resigned the following week. It was the first shooting at the White House since Francisco Martin Duran's attempted assassination of President Bill Clinton in 1994."@en .corpus420.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Kochetkov> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Igor Victorovich Kochetkov (born 13 May 1970) is a Russian gay rights activist who heads the Russian LGBT Network.Kochetkov has been active in the opposition to the 2013 Russian law that bans promotion of homosexuality to minors. He has blamed the law for legitimizing and increasing violence against gays.In September 2013, Kochetkov along with other Russian human rights activists met with US President Barack Obama in St. Petersburg.Along with Alexey Davydov he was named one of the world's 100 top thinkers in 2013 by the magazine Foreign Policy \"for fighting Russia's state-sponsered homophobia\".Kochetkov is along with Frank Mugisha, Sunil Babu Pant and ILGA nominated for the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize by Norwegian Labour Parliamentarians Anette Trettebergstuen and Håkon Haugli."@en .corpus420.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Clancy_(Secret_Service)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joseph P. Clancy is an American law enforcement official. He is the acting Director of the United States Secret Service. Clancy served as head of the agency’s presidential protection division until 2011, when he retired and became director of corporate security for Comcast. He was appointed to the position following the resignation of Julia Pierson on October 1, 2014. During his work on the presidential protection details he was able to achieve a close bond with President Barack Obama, and is well regarded by the White House. Clancy was part of the  Secret Service protective detail that jogged with President Bill Clinton in the early days of the Presidency of Bill Clinton.Clancy grew up in the Philadelphia area. He graduated from   Archbishop Carroll High School in Radnor, Pennsylvania, then attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he excelled on West Point's football team. He transferred to Villanova University and graduated in the late 1970s.After spending a few years as a history teacher at Father Judge High School in Philadelphia, he joined the Secret Service in Philadelphia in the 1980s. Subsequently, he worked in the New York field office, directing a team of agents that conducted major investigations. He was in charge of security at national special events before joining the president’s protective detail.  He lives in the Philadelphia area with Andrea, his wife of 31 years, and four children."@en .corpus420.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Maher:_Live_from_D.C.> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bill Maher: Live From D.C. is Bill Maher's tenth HBO stand-up comedy special.It aired live at the  Warner Theater in Washington, D.C., immediately after the September 12th, 2014 episode of Real Time with Bill Maher  at Sidney Harman Hall. Maher was given a police escort to the theater; his journey was commentated on by Michael Moore and Keith Olbermann.Maher covered various political and social topics such as the midterm elections, religion, U.S. President Barack Obama, the  Republican psyche and his legal battle with Donald Trump. The special is noted for being HBO's most watched comedy special in five years, with 1.1 million viewers watching at 10:00 PM."@en .corpus421.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Gabriel_Mountains_National_Monument> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The San Gabriel Mountains National Monument is a United States National Monument managed by the U.S. Forest Service, which encompasses parts of the Angeles National Forest and San Bernardino National Forest in California. On October 10, 2014, President Barack Obama used his authority under the Antiquities Act to create the new monument, protecting 346,177 acres of public lands of the San Gabriel Mountains in the Transverse Range."@en .corpus421.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Trio> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Lincoln Trio is a Chicago based piano trio formed in 2003 consisting of Marta Aznavoorian, piano;  Desirée Ruhstrat violin; and David Cunliffe cello. The trio take their name from the state where they are based, the Land of Lincoln, Illinois. They originated at the Music Institute of Chicago.The Lincoln Trio's appearances in the US include Carnegie Hall, Alice Tully Hall, Ravinia Festival, Poisson Rouge, LOCMA and in Springfield Illinois  where their tour on behalf of the Ravinia Festival culminated in the celebration of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial with President Barack Obama. They have also toured throughout Asia, Colombia and Germany and recorded extensively for the Cedille Record label and on Naxos garnering a 2014 Grammy Award nomination for their work on James Whitbourn's Annelies. The Lincoln Trio received the 2011 Young Performers Career Advancement Award and won the 2008 Master Players International Competition in Venice, Italy and are currently in residence at the Merit School of Music in Chicago, Illinois."@en .corpus421.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_America_Made> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The World America Made is a 2012 non-fiction book written by Robert Kagan. In it, Kagan argues against the retreat of the United States as the global superpower and suggests that maintaining the current American-led world order is good for democracy around the world. The book influenced President Barack Obama's 2012 State of the Union Address."@en .corpus421.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_F_Islam> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Frank Islam is an entrepreneur, investor and philanthropist who heads the FI Investment Group. He was the founder and CEO of the QSS Group.Frank Islam is a successful entrepreneur, philanthropist, civic leader and thought leader with a special commitment to civic, educational and artistic causes.  He currently heads the FI Invest Group a firm that he established after he sold his information technology firm, the QSS Group in 2007.Frank serves on number boards and advisory councils including the Kennedy Center Board of Trustees, the U.S. Institute of Peace, the Woodrow Wilson Center, and the Brookings Institution.  He also serves on various boards and councils at more than half-dozen universities including Johns Hopkins, University, American University, and George Mason University.Frank has written two well regarded books on the American condition, Working the Pivot Points:  To Make America Work Again (2013).  Renewing the American Dream: A Citizen’s Guide for Restoring Our Competitive Advantage (2010). US President Barack Obama appointed him to be the General Trustee of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. Frank currently heads the FI Investment Group, a private investment holding company that he established in 2007 after he sold his information technology firm, the QSS Group.  Frank founded the QSS Group in 1994 and built it from 1 employee to more than 2,000 employees and revenues of approximately $300M before its sale.Frank devotes the majority of time currently to a wide variety of civic and philanthropic activities.  He serves and has served on numerous boards and advisory councils including the following:Artistic InvolvementBoard of Trustees of the JohnF.KennedyCenter for the Performing Arts ( 2013 to 2019)Board of Directors, StrathmoreCenter for the Arts (2008 to 2012)Kennedy Center International Committee on the Arts (2013 to present)Civic InvolvementBrookings Institution CouncilWoodrow Wilson Center National CabinetInternational Advisory Council of the U.S. Institute of Peace (2009 to present)National Democratic Institute (NDI) Chairman’s Council (2013 to 2016)Maryland Governor International Advisory Council (2011 to present)Department of Commerce Industry Trade Advisory Committee (ITAC) (2010 to present)Advisory Committee of the Export-Import Bank of the United States (2010 to 2011)Higher Education InvolvementSchool of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) Johns Hopkins University Advisory Council  (2013 to present)Member of the advisory board of the University of Maryland Smith School of business (2009 to present)Member of the JohnsHopkinsCareyBusinessSchool  Dean’s Advisory Council (2014 to present)George Mason University School of  Management Dean’s Council (2012 to present)American University  School of International Service Dean’s Council (2013 to present)University of Malaysia (UTM) International Advisory Panel (2012 to present)Board of Trustees of the AmericanUniversity in the Emirates (AUE) (2012 to present)Board of Trustees of the American University of AfghanistanBoard of Trustees of Marymount University.Charitable InvolvementThe Frank Islam & Debbie Driesman Charitable Foundation ( President - 2007 to present)Board of Directors, Potomac Charities, Inc. ( Founding chairman - 2008 to the present)Business InvolvementBoard of Maryland-India Business Roundtable ( Founding member -2003 and -2004)Board of Directors, The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE), Washington, D.C. chapter  (2007 to 2009)SouthAsiaCenter at Atlantic Council (Founding member)Over the past several years, Frank has established a reputation as a writer and thought leader.  He has authored two books: Working the Pivot Points: To Make America Work Again (2013); and, Renewing the American Dream: A Citizen’s Guide for Restoring Our Competitive Advantage (2010).  He is presently writing a third book with the working title:  Education:  Creating and Connecting All the Dots.Frank blogs regularly for The Huffington Post and also writes occasional columns and articles for publications such as the Foreign Policy, the International Business Times and the Economic Times of India.He hosts his own TV show “Washington Current Review” on MHz Networks and is called upon to speak frequently in a variety of business, education and non-profit venues.In 2014 he was awarded The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE) Legends AwardFrank was an active participant in the information technology, aerospace engineering services, and systems integration business for more than twenty-five years.  During his professional career, he garnered multiple industry awards for leadership, entrepreneurship and excellence. He was recognized by the Ernst and Young as Maryland Entrepreneur of the Year and the US Small Business Administration selected him as the Small Business Person of the Year of the Washington DC Metropolitan Area in 2001.Frank received his Bachelor’s and Master’s Degrees in Computer Science from the University of Colorado."@en .corpus422.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_Preszler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Trent Preszler, Ph.D. (born 1977) is an American wine industry executive who promotes the winegrowing regions of New York State. He is CEO of Bedell Cellars, a vineyard on the North Fork of Long Island. When Trent took over Bedell Cellars in 2007 at age 29, he became the youngest winery chief executive in the world.Bedell Cellars was the first New York winery awarded a spot on Wine Business Monthly's list of Top 10 Hottest Small Brands in 2007. Trent was also instrumental in securing the placement of Bedell Cellars Merlot as the exclusive red wine of President Barack Obama's 2013 Inaugural Luncheon—the first time in American history that a New York wine was served at a Presidential Inauguration. Trent is a contributing wine writer for The Huffington Post and is Board Vice Chairman for WineAmerica, the National Association of American Wineries in Washington, D.C.He graduated from Iowa State University and holds an M.S. in Agricultural Economics and a Ph.D. in Horticulture, both from Cornell University."@en .corpus422.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Terrible_World,_What_a_Beautiful_World> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "What a Terrible World, What a Beautiful World is the seventh studio album from The Decemberists; it was released on January 20, 2015. It currently has a rating of 77 from Metacritic. The album's title comes from a line in the song \"12/17/12\", a reference to the date of Barack Obama's speech in response to the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting and lead singer Colin Meloy's conflicting feelings about the shooting and his happy personal life."@en .corpus422.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Gallagher> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ryan Gallagher is a Scottish investigative journalist. He writes for The Intercept about security and civil liberties, reporting on classified documents leaked by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.  He has previously worked for The Guardian, Slate, and the Financial Times.In August 2014, Gallagher revealed the existence of ICREACH, an NSA search engine that he alleged is \"the largest system for internally sharing secret surveillance records in the United States.\"   In March 2014, with Glenn Greenwald, he revealed a joint NSA and British Government Communications Headquarters program to infect millions of computers with malware, a report that prompted Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to personally call U.S. President Barack Obama to complain. In 2013, Gallagher was threatened by a private security contractor while working on a story exposing the use of facial recognition technology at the Statue of Liberty in New York.He is listed on the New America Foundation's website as a Future Tense Fellow under a program that seeks \"to bring exceptionally promising new voices and ideas into the nation's public discourse.\""@en .corpus422.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tebogo_Ditshego> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tebogo Ditshego is the chief executive officer (CEO) of South African public relations agency Ditshego Media. Forbes Magazine included him in their list of the top 30 African entrepreneurs under 30 in 2014. In 2012 he founded an on-line book club called ReadaBookSA, which has grown to become the biggest on-line book club in Africa.In June, 2014 Tebogo Ditshego participated in the Mandela Fellowship for Young African leaders in the US, a programme launched by US President Barack Obama. The Mail & Guardian newspaper listed Tebogo Ditshego as one of the top 200 youth in South Africa for the work he has done in spreading a culture of reading books.He worked on the communications campaign for the \"Mandela\" banknotes for the South African Reserve Bank. In 2006 and 2007 he was selected twice consecutively to serve in the Student Representative Council at the University of Johannesburg. Tebogo Ditshego represented the University of Johannesburg twice consecutively to present his research papers at the Southern African Association of Communications Conference.The Sowetan listed Tebogo Ditshego as one of the top 12 sexiest men in South Africa for 2014 because of his role in making it cool to be intelligent and coining the term intellectualswag.He holds an Honours degree in Communications from the University of Johannesburg."@en .corpus422.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_F._Neronha> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter F. Neronha was appointed by President Barack Obama as the United States Attorney for the District of Rhode Island on September 16, 2009. In his capacity as chief federal law enforcement officer for Rhode Island, Mr. Neronha supervises the prosecution of federal crimes and the litigation of civil matters in which the federal government has an interest either as a plaintiff or defendant.A fourth generation native of Jamestown, Rhode Island, and a proud graduate of North Kingstown High School, Mr. Neronha graduated in 1985 summa cum laude from Boston College. In 1989, Mr. Neronha graduated magna cum laude from Boston College Law School, where he was a member of the Boston College Law Review. Upon graduation, Mr. Neronha joined the Boston, Massachusetts law firm Goodwin Procter, LLP. He remained with the Boston law firm for seven years.Mr. Neronha began a career of public service in 1996 when he was appointed a Special Assistant Attorney General of the Rhode Island Department of the Attorney General. Mr. Neronha was appointed an Assistant Attorney General for the State of Rhode Island in 2001. During his tenure with the Department of the Attorney General, Mr. Neronha prosecuted a variety of jury and non-jury criminal matters including public corruption, white collar crime, environmental, and healthcare fraud.In 2002, Mr. Neronha joined the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of Rhode Island. As an Assistant United States Attorney, Mr. Neronha prosecuted criminal cases involving political corruption, white collar crime, drug and firearm offenses. When he joined the United States Attorney’s Office, Mr. Neronha was named coordinator of the District’s Project Safe Neighborhoods, a Department of Justice initiative against gun crimes. Prior to being named United States Attorney, Mr. Neronha was Chief of the District’s Organized Crime Strike Force.Shortly after being sworn in as United States Attorney for the District of Rhode Island, Mr. Neronha was appointed to serve a two-year term on the Attorney General’s Advisory Committee (AGAC) of United States Attorneys by United States Attorney General Eric H. Holder, Jr. The Committee represents the voice of all ninety-three United States Attorneys and provides advice and counsel to the Attorney General on issues of importance which impact all United States Attorneys’ Offices nationwide."@en .corpus422.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_RESTORE_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The RESTORE Act (the Resources and Ecosystems Sustainability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act) is a federal statute that was signed into law by President Barack Obama on July 6th, 2012.  It was enacted by the 112th Congress as an amendment to the “Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century” bill, a far-reaching transportation bill that included many other provisions.  The act was in response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill that occurred on April 20th, 2010, which caused significant environmental, ecological, and economic damage to the gulf coast."@en .corpus423.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_State_of_the_Union_Address> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2015 State of the Union Address was given by the 44th United States President, Barack Obama, on January 20, 2015, in the chamber of the United States House of Representatives. Following recent tradition, Speaker of the House John Boehner sent a letter on December 19, formally inviting President Obama to speak (despite a proposal from some conservatives that House Republicans withhold the invitation in retaliation for Obama's executive actions on immigration reform). It was addressed to the 114th United States Congress.  The State of the Union Address was broadcast on various television and radio stations and webcast from the White House. Webcasts were also provided by other sponsors, including a webcast from the U.S. Republican Party.The President addressed controversial economic issues in the U.S., arguing in support of expanding access to  community college in the context of American higher education as well as in support of increased taxes on financial institutions. In terms of U.S. foreign policy, he expressed his belief in American exceptionalism and defended what he saw as an assertive foreign agenda in which the country is \"upholding the principle that bigger nations can't bully the small.\""@en .corpus423.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insider_Threat_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Insider Threat Program is the United States government's response to the massive data leaks of the early twenty-first century, notably the diplomatic cables leaked by Chelsea Manning (but before  the NSA leaks by Edward Snowden), the program was established under the mandate of an executive order (13587) issued by Barack Obama."@en .corpus423.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Bowl_Bakery> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sugar Bowl Bakery is a bakery based in Hayward, California. It is one of the largest food production companies in the San Francisco Bay Area. The company was founded in 1984, when Vietnamese immigrant Andrew Ly and his four brothers bought a San Francisco donut shop. In addition to retail products, the company serves hotels, and Costco, and has an extensive production and distribution capacity in the Northern California region. The bakery has been praised by President Barack Obama, as an example of a successful immigration story, saying \"[This is] what America is about ... the place where you can reach for something better if you work hard.\""@en .corpus424.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Iohannis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carmen Iohannis (also spelled Carmen Johannis; née Carmen Georgeta Lăzurcă) (born 2 November 1960) is the wife of President of Romania Klaus Iohannis. She is an English teacher at the Gheorghe Lazăr National College in Sibiu and married Klaus Iohannis in 1989. They have no children. Carmen met her husband when they were both students in Cluj-Napoca. Immediately after graduation, the two were assigned as teachers to Agnita and Sibiu. She was the reason Iohannis chose to stay in Romania when the rest of his family emigrated to Germany in the early 1990s. She is an ethnic Romanian, while her husband is a Transylvanian Saxon.Carmen Iohannis is the descendant of a Romanian Catholic family from Sântu, a village near Reghin, Mureș County. Carmen is a declared sympathizer of Romanian Royal Family and President Barack Obama's wife, Michelle. She is a great amateur of ballet and loves the French cuisine and practices gym at home with a personal trainer. She also plays the piano."@en .corpus424.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_M._Lewis_(diplomat)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Paul Lewis is an American lawyer and diplomat.On October 7, 2013 President Barack Obama appointed Lewis to be United States Department of Defense's Special Envoy for Guantanamo Closure, the most senior Pentagon official tasked with closing the notorious Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.Lewis, a former United States Marine, JAG officer had previously served as the chief cousnel to the House Armed Services Committee.  He was also a law professor at Georgetown University.Obama had announced the creation of two positions during a speech about Guantanamo at the Defense University in May 2013.William Lietzau, the most recent Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Detainee Affairs had resigned in July, without being replaced.  Lewis's position was not a direct replacement for the empty DASD-DA position.  The other position was that of a special envoy for Guantanamo closure within the State Department.  That position had been filled in June, by Clifford Sloan.Lewis earned a law degree from Notre Dame University in 1983.He rose to the rank of Captain, within the Marine Corps, during the five years he served as a JAG officer.He had also served as an Assistant District Attorney in Manhattan, and an anti-racketeering prosecutor for the Department of Justice, before holding a series of posts as counsels to Congressional Representatives, or to Congressional committees.Carol Rosenberg, writing in the Miami Herald, reported that, at Georgetown Lewis had specialized in teaching legal ethics.The Hill reported Lewis also had responsibility for finding new homes for the foreigners the USA held in extrajudicial detention in Afghanistan."@en .corpus426.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swagga_Flani> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a music album done by Influx Swagga in 2011 and was released alongside another album Last episode in the first-ever double album release in Africa. All songs are composed, written, arranged and Recorded by Influx Swagga (Born Augustine Kavindu) who is also a Model, an actor, a writer, a recording Artist and performing artist. Nikubalie and Nayo Nayo were the greatest hits of the album having been played in Tanzanian radio stations. Other song in the album included Mr. President a song done to Barack Obama when he was elected president of the United States, Siku za Mwizi, Asante a song done after the 2007, 2008 post election violence in Kenya, Mabadiliko featuring Gulf, Mc Eazy, Mc Franc, keygun, 704 and Zisky. Mwanamke featuring Warsh, M.P featuring Keygun and Ejay, Zubaisha featuring Mc Eazy and Ejay, Jitokeze featuring Mc Eazy, Keygun, Nas Chavez, Msash and Gulf. The album was reviewed as a more political than entertaining."@en .corpus426.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Gershuny> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Greg Gershuny is the Associate Director and Chief of Staff of the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Energy Policy and Systems Analysis as of December 2014. Prior to that, he was the Director of Energy and Environment at the White House Office of Presidential Personnel, the Confidential Assistant to Carl Wieman at the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, an Associate at the White House National Economic Council and a Field Organizer on the 2008 Barack Obama Campaign for Change in Hammond, Indiana.Greg Gershuny graduated from George Mason University with a Bachelor's degree in Political Conflict History.  He was born in New Jersey."@en .corpus426.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolando_Sarraff_Trujillo> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rolando Sarraff Trujillo (born 22 August 1963) is a Cuban intelligence officer who was convicted for espionage for the United States Central Intelligence Agency.Sarraff worked for the Cuban Directorate of Intelligence in Havana when he reportedly acted as a double agent providing secret information on Cuban agents operating in the United States to U.S. authorities. He was arrested in November 1995 and sentenced to 25 years of prison on several espionage-related charges. He was released in a prisoner swap on December 18, 2014, coinciding with the announcement of the reopening of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States by the two nations presidents Barack Obama and Raul Castro."@en .corpus426.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferial_Govashiri> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ferial Govashiri is Iranian-American politician and served as the personal secretary to United States President Barack Obama from 2014.  Ferial Govashiri serves as President Obama's personal aide at the White House. She worked on then Senator Barack Obama's campaign, beginning in the summer of 2007 in his Chicago headquarters in the department of Scheduling and Advance. Ms. Govashiri went on to work in the White House after the election. For the first five years of the Obama Administration, Ms. Govashiri worked on the National Security Council (NSC), first as a Senior Advisor to Ben Rhodes, the Deputy National Security Advisor and then as the Senior Advisor to the Chief of Staff and the Director of Visits at the NSC. She helped plan the President's foreign trips as well as foreign leaders visits to the White House. She is fluent in English and Persian."@en .corpus427.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Title_54_of_the_United_States_Code> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Title 54 of the United States Code (54 U.S.C.), entitled National Park Service and Related Programs, is the compilation of the general laws regarding the National Park Service. It is the newest title in the United States Code, added on December 19, 2014, when U.S. President Barack Obama signed H.R. 1068 into law. It has three subtitles: Subtitle I: National Park System Subtitle II: Outdoor Recreation Programs Subtitle III: National Preservation Programs"@en .corpus427.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_the_presidency_of_Barack_Obama_(2015)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a timeline of the presidency of Barack Obama, from January 1, 2015 to the present. For his time as President-elect, see the Presidential transition of Barack Obama; for a detailed account of his first months in office, see First 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency; and for a complete itinerary of his travels, see List of presidential trips made by Barack Obama."@en .corpus427.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/PFT_Commenter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "PFT Commenter (alternatively spelled as PFTCommenter or Pro Football Talk Commenter) is a pseudonymous and satirical sportswriter who covers the National Football League for online publications including Kissing Suzy Kolber, SBNation, Football Savages and his own site, StrongTakes.com, as well as on Twitter. PFT Commenter, whose name references Profootballtalk.com, mimics the \"macho posturing and racism\", or \"hot takes\", in the website's comment sections.His writing style is characterized by \"didactic misspelling, erratic punctuation, barely veiled racism, not-quite-latent homophobia, conspiratorial anxiety, and arrogant disdain for critical thought\" and the character is \"dumb on purpose\", earning a comparison to the Stephen Colbert character on The Colbert Show with his ability to \"undermine the league’s resident apologists and party-liners.\" PFT Commenter often overpraises white players for their blue-collar attitudes, criticizes black players for being selfish and overrated, and “eagerly takes the truth-y NFL party line on every possible issue”. In response to criticisms of his poor spelling, he wrote, \"Im on record that I dont care about spelling, I care about TELLING.\"PFT Commenter began as a commenter on ProFootballTalk.com before starting the @PFTCommenter Twitter account in 2012 and eventually becoming a contributor for SBNation, Kissing Suzy Kolber and Football Savages.PFT Commenter has also written a self-published e-book, Goodell vs. Obama: The Battle for the Future of the NFL, which imagines a dystopian future in which President Barack Obama attempts to turn the Dallas Cowboys into a soccer team in Kenya, and NFL commissioner Roger Goodell fights him in a boxing match to stop him."@en .corpus427.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuban_Thaw> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Cuban Thaw is a historic warming of U.S.-Cuba relations that began in December 2014.On December 17, 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raúl Castro announced the beginning of a process of normalizing relations between Cuba and the United States. The normalization agreement was secretly negotiated in preceding months with the assistance of Pope Francis. Meetings were held in both Canada and Vatican City. The agreement would see the lifting of some U.S. travel restrictions, fewer restrictions on remittances, U.S. banks' access to the Cuban financial system, and the reopening of embassies in Havana and Washington, which closed in 1961 after the breakup of diplomatic relations following the establishment of Cuba’s close alliance with the USSR."@en .corpus428.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Y._Yun> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joseph Y. Yun was nominated by U.S. President Barack Obama on July 23, 2013.  He was confirmed by the full Senate on August 1, 2013, to be the United States Ambassador to Malaysia.Prior to his assignment in Malaysia, Yun served as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs as well as the Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs.  His overseas postings include the Republic of Korea, Thailand, France, Indonesia and Hong Kong."@en .corpus428.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruben_Figueres> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ruben Figueres (born February 14, 1974) is a Spanish/American political consultant and advertising executive who advised the mayoral campaign of Chicago mayor Rahm Emmanuel and both presidential campaigns for Barack Obama."@en .corpus429.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Shepardson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rob Shepardson is an advertising executive, political consultant and strategist. He co-founded SS+K, a New York-based creative agency known for its youth-focused advocacy campaigns and effectiveness reaching millennials (18-34 year olds). He led the firm’s work for Barack Obama’s 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns, charged with persuading young Americans to support Obama. Contrary to pundits’ predictions, 1.25 million more millennials voted for Obama in 2012 than in 2008, helping him win important swing states like Florida, Virginia, Pennsylvania and Ohio to ultimately retain the White House.Shepardson maintains that young voters have little trust in Washington, D.C., regardless of the political party in power. “Millennials will align with somebody regardless of political labels based on values. Communicate through issues, not through the candidate,” he advises. “Negative ads and politics-as-usual can turn millennials off. They are quite shrewd when it comes to marketing.” The best strategy to reach them, he suggests, is to “sell a politician by not being political.”Teaming up with Republican campaign strategist Mark McKinnon in 2009, Shepardson published “A Manifesto for Young Voters,” a political activism guide for the generation they claimed had “a lot fewer selfish chromosomes and a lot more socially responsible DNA.\"Shepardson has also occasionally appeared on behalf of the Obama Administration to be a surrogate spokesperson with the media. In a 2014 Bloomberg TV interview about Obamacare’s website problems, he noted: “messaging and branding doesn’t work with the White House. It’s ultimately about results.”"@en .corpus43.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Stone_III> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Charles Stone III (born 1966) is an American film director, known for films such as Drumline, starring Nick Cannon; Mr. 3000, starring Bernie Mac; and Paid in Full.Stone directed the video to What They Do by The Roots, featuring the group running through many rap video clichés.Stone is the creator of the popular United States advertising campaign \"Whassup?\" for Budweiser.  In October 2008, he directed a spoof of this campaign to depict his critical view of the Republican Party's eight years in the White House and to support the presidential campaign of Barack Obama.A 1984 graduate of Central High School (Philadelphia), he is the son of Louise Davis Stone and journalist and Tuskegee Airman Chuck Stone."@en .corpus43.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koko_Head> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Koko Head is the headland that defines the eastern side of Maunalua Bay along the southeastern side of the Island of Oʻahu in Hawaiʻi. On its western slope is the community of Portlock, a part of Hawaiʻi Kai.  Koko Head (at 642 ft or 196 m) is an ancient tuff cone that is somewhat dwarfed by its neighboring tuff cone, Koko Crater, with its peak, Kohelepelepe (or Puʻu Mai), rising to 1208 ft or 368 m.  Koko Head itself has three significant depressions or old vents, the largest of which forms the well-known Hanauma Bay. Koko Head's last eruption was probably more than [Dr. Ken Rubin, Assistant Professor Department of Geology and Geophysics University of Hawaii] 10,000 years ago. However, Jessica Bluth (2004) states \"Eruptions along Koko Rift took place approximately 35-30 Ka (in the late Pleistocene) as part of the renewed volcanism of the Koolau Range and are believed to represent the youngest events on the island (Gramlich et al., 1971; Stearns, 1985; Self and Moberly, 1997).\"  Thus a more reasonable age is in the quoted 30-35,000 year range.This eastern end of Oʻahu is quite scenic and most of the area is part of Koko Head Regional Park, administered by the City & County of Honolulu. The following features and natural areas are found between Koko Head and the eastern end of the island at Makapuʻu: Koko Crater is a massive cinder cone that visually dominates the area. Within the crater are horse stables and the Koko Crater Botanical Garden specializing in cacti and succulents. Hanauma Bay is a tuff ring breached by the ocean. Lānaʻi Lookout is a scenic lookout that features a very distant view of the Island of Lānaʻi to the southeast of Oʻahu. Molokaʻi, directly across the Kaiwi Channel, is closer and nearly always visible during the day; Lānaʻi is visible only under good atmospheric conditions, although if visible from anywhere on Oʻahu, it will be visible from this pull-out/parking area. The cremated ashes of President Barack Obama's mother, Stanley Ann Dunham (1995) and maternal grandmother, Madelyn Lee Payne Dunham (2008) were scattered here. Hālona Blowhole is a blowhole in the rocky shore. A large pull-out/parking area is present.  The adjacent Hālona Cove is best known as the site of the love scene between Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr in the movie From Here to Eternity. Sandy Beach is a popular beach for surfing and a park popular for kite flying because trade winds (offshore here) are strong and steady most days. Sea conditions off the beach tend to be rough most of the time and the bottom drops away relatively quickly, so this is not a beach for relaxed swimming, but very popular for more extreme water sports and watchers."@en .corpus43.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusty_Cundieff> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "George Arthur \"Rusty\" Cundieff (born December 13, 1960) is an American film/television director, actor, and writer. His credits are as director/writer of and lead actor in the This Is Spinal Tap-like rap satire Fear of a Black Hat, as writer of the second installment to House Party, and as director of the horror anthology Tales from the Hood and a director for Movie 43. He also directed the 1997 film, Sprung. He was also a director for Chappelle's Show, Chocolate News and a correspondent on TV Nation. He also directed and starred in a \"U Can't Touch This\" parody titled Yes We Can, which endorses Barack Obama.Cundieff was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the son of Christina and John A. Cundieff, both of whom appeared in Tales from the Hood. He is married to Trina Davis Cundieff with whom he has two children. Cundieff is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha, a historically African American fraternity. He also portrayed a fraternity brother (of the fictitious Gamma Phi Gamma) in Spike Lee's School Daze in which actual members of Alpha Phi Alpha were featured.Cundieff is a graduate of the University of Southern California."@en .corpus430.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine_Freedom_Support_Act_of_2014> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (H.R. 5859) is a United States law introduced to the 113th Congress on September 16, 2014 to address pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 was sponsored by Senator Bob Menendez and co-sponsored by fourteen other senators. The bill was signed into law by U.S. President Barack Obama on December 18, 2014.Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 is preceded by similar congressional bills, particularly Ukraine Support Act and Support for the Sovereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014."@en .corpus44.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Tillis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lonnie Melvin \"Mel\" Tillis (born August 8, 1932) is an American country music singer. Although he recorded songs since the late 1950s, his biggest success occurred in the 1970s, with a long list of Top 10 hits.Tillis's biggest hits include \"I Ain't Never\", \"Good Woman Blues\", and \"Coca-Cola Cowboy\". On February 13, 2012, President Barack Obama awarded Tillis the National Medal of Arts for his contributions to country music. He also has won the CMA Awards' most coveted award, Entertainer of the Year. He is also known for his speech impediment, which does not affect his singing voice. His daughter is country music singer Pam Tillis."@en .corpus44.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Posture_Review> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Nuclear Posture Review is a process “to determine what the role of nuclear weapons in U.S. security strategy should be.”The first NPR of 2002 was the second of these quadrennial reviews of United States nuclear forces undertaken by the United States Department of Defense. The first took place in 1994. The final report is National Security Classified and submitted to the Congress of the United States.The 2002 Nuclear Posture Review also included components requiring the \"Pentagon to draft contingency plans for the use of nuclear weapons against at least seven countries, naming not only Russia and the \"axis of evil\"--Iraq, Iran, and North Korea--but also China, Libya and Syria.\"President Barack Obama's 2010 Nuclear Posture Review was preceded by high expectations because of his 2009 speech in Prague, Czech Republic where he prominently outlined a vision of a world without nuclear weapons. His NPR was hoped by observers to make concrete moves toward this goal. The finished 2010 policy renounces development of any new nuclear weapons such as the bunker-busters proposed by the Bush administration, and for the first time rules out a nuclear attack against non-nuclear-weapon states who are in compliance with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. This rule pointedly excludes Iran and North Korea.As part of the implementation of the 2010 Nuclear Posture Review, the U.S. Government is reviewing its nuclear deterrence requirements and nuclear plans to ensure that they are aligned to address today's threats. Rose Gottemoeller, U.S. Acting Undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security, said in early June 2012 that the United States was considering what forces the United States needed to maintain for strategic stability and deterrence, including extended deterrence and assurance to U.S. Allies and partners. Based on this analysis the United States would develop proposals for potential further reductions in its nuclear stockpile."@en .corpus44.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fissile_Material_Cut-off_Treaty> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Fissile Material Cutoff Treaty (FMCT) is a proposed international treaty to prohibit the further production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other explosive devices.  The treaty has not been negotiated and its terms remain to be defined.  According to a proposal by the United States, fissile material includes high-enriched uranium and plutonium (except plutonium that is over 80% Pu-238).  According to a proposal by Russia, fissile material would be limited to weapons-grade uranium (with more than 90% U-235) and plutonium (with more than 90% Pu-239).  Neither proposal would prohibit the production of fissile material for non-weapons purposes, including use in civil or naval nuclear reactors.In a 27 September 1993 speech before the UN, President Clinton called for a multilateral convention banning the production of fissile materials for nuclear explosives or outside international safeguards. In December 1993 the UN General Assembly adopted resolution 48/75L calling for the negotiation of a \"non-discriminatory, multilateral and international effectively verifiable treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices.\" The Geneva based Conference on Disarmament (CD) on 23 March 1995 agreed to establish a committee to negotiate \"a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally and effectively verifiable treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices.\".  However, substantive negotiations have not taken place.In 2004, the United States announced that it opposed the inclusion of a verification mechanism in the treaty on the grounds that the treaty could not be effectively verified.  On November 4, 2004, the United States cast the sole vote in the First Committee of the United Nations General Assembly against a resolution (A/C.1/59/L.34) calling for negotiation of an effectively verifiable treaty.  The Bush Administration supported a treaty but advocated an ad hoc system of verification wherein states would monitor the compliance of other states through their own national intelligence mechanisms.On April 5, 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama reversed the U.S. position on verification and proposed to negotiate \"a new treaty that verifiably ends the production of fissile materials intended for use in state nuclear weapons.\"  On May 29, 2009, the CD agreed to establish an FMCT negotiating committee,However, Pakistan has repeatedly blocked the CD from implementing its agreed program of work, despite severe pressure from the major nuclear powers to end its defiance of 64 other countries in blocking international ban on the production of new nuclear bomb-making material, as well as discussions on full nuclear disarmament, the arms race in outer space, and security assurances for non-nuclear states. Pakistan justified its actions when Chairman joint chiefs General Tariq Majid argued that \"a proposed fissile material cutoff treaty would target Pakistan specifically."@en .corpus44.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Reserve_Board_of_Governors> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, commonly known as the Federal Reserve Board, is the main governing body of the Federal Reserve System. It is charged with overseeing the Federal Reserve Banks and with helping implement monetary policy of the United States. Governors are appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the Senate for staggered 14-year terms.By law, the appointments must yield a \"fair representation of the financial, agricultural, industrial, and commercial interests and geographical divisions of the country\". As stipulated in the Banking Act of 1935, the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board are two of seven members of the Board of Governors who are appointed by the President from among the sitting Governors.The Board of Governors does not receive funding from Congress, and the terms of the seven members of the Board span multiple presidential and congressional terms. Once a member of the Board of Governors is appointed by the president, he or she functions mostly independently. The Board is required to make an annual report of operations to the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives. It also supervises and regulates the operations of the Federal Reserve Banks, and the U.S. banking system in general.Membership is by statute limited in term, and a member that has served for a full 14 year term is not eligible for reappointment. There are numerous occasions where an individual was appointed to serve the remainder of another member's uncompleted term, and has been reappointed to serve a full 14-year term. Since \"upon the expiration of their terms of office, members of the Board shall continue to serve until their successors are appointed and have qualified\", it is possible for a member to serve for significantly longer than a full term of 14 years. The law provides for the removal of a member of the Board by the President \"for cause\".Thus, once appointed to fill an unexpired term, the person could serve (hypothetically) for 13 years and eleven months prior to re-appointment.  Then an additional 14 years would bring the total to almost 28 years.  If no person is immediately approved to hold the post, that person could remain on the board indefinitely...if no other person is approved to hold that particular slot.Originally, all members were to have overlapping terms from differing presidents.All current members of the Board of Governors have been appointed by Barack Obama.  The current members of the Board of Governors are as follows:Committee on Board AffairsGovernor Powell, ChairmanVice Chairman FischerCommittee on Consumer and Community AffairsGovernor Brainard, ChairGovernor TarulloCommittee on Economic and Financial Monitoring and ResearchVice Chairman Fischer, ChairmanGovernor BrainardCommittee on Financial StabilityVice Chairman Fischer, ChairmanGovernor TarulloGovernor BrainardCommittee on Federal Reserve Bank AffairsGovernor Powell, ChairmanGovernor BrainardCommittee on Bank SupervisionGovernor Tarullo, ChairmanGovernor PowellGovernor BrainardSubcommittee on Smaller Regional and Community BankingGovernor Powell, ChairmanGovernor BrainardCommittee on Payments, Clearing, and SettlementGovernor Powell, ChairmanGovernor TarulloSource:  http://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/bios/board/default.htm"@en .corpus44.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Bernanke> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ben Shalom Bernanke (/bərˈnæŋki/ bər-NANG-kee; born December 13, 1953) is an American economist at the Brookings Institution who served two terms as chairman of the Federal Reserve, the central bank of the United States from 2006 to 2014. During his tenure as chairman, Bernanke oversaw the Federal Reserve's response to the late-2000s financial crisis.Before becoming Federal Reserve chairman, Bernanke was a tenured professor at Princeton University and chaired the department of economics there from 1996 to September 2002, when he went on public service leave.From 2002 until 2005, he was a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, proposed the Bernanke Doctrine, and first discussed \"the Great Moderation\" — the theory that traditional business cycles have declined in volatility in recent decades through structural changes that have occurred in the international economy, particularly increases in the economic stability of developing nations, diminishing the influence of macroeconomic (monetary and fiscal) policy.Bernanke then served as chairman of President George W. Bush's Council of Economic Advisers before President Bush nominated him to succeed Alan Greenspan as chairman of the United States Federal Reserve. His first term began February 1, 2006. Bernanke was confirmed for a second term as chairman on January 28, 2010, after being renominated by President Barack Obama.  His second term ended February 1, 2014 when he was succeeded by Janet Yellen."@en .corpus44.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_(Mariah_Carey_song)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"Hero\" is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on October 19, 1993 by Columbia Records as the second single from Carey's third studio album, Music Box (1993). Originally intended for Gloria Estefan, the song was written and produced by Carey and Walter Afanasieff. While writing the song, Carey did not connect to its style or sound, therefore forfeiting it over to the soundtrack of the film of the same name. However, after being convinced to keep it, she personalized it, giving it a more pop and R&B melody, as well as changing some of the lyrics to more precisely fit her personality. Lyrically, the song is regarded as one of Carey's most inspirational and personal ballads, with its protagonist declaring that even though we may feel discouraged or down at times, in reality we are \"heroes\" if we look inside ourselves and see our own inner strength; in time, it will help us \"find the way.\"The song received mixed reviews by contemporary music critics for its lyrical content, while Carey's vocal performance was praised. Aside from its lyrics, \"Hero\" derived its hook and sound from several musical instruments such as the guitar, piano and organ. The song experienced strong success in several international markets, and also became Carey's eighth chart topper on the Billboard Hot 100. Additionally, it was ranked number 53 on the Decade-End Chart. Outside the United States, \"Hero\" enjoyed strong charting, reaching the top five in Canada, France, Ireland, New Zealand and Norway and the top ten in Australia and the United Kingdom. Due to its extended popularity, \"Hero\" was covered by the 2008 UK X Factor finalists and released as a single, topping the charts in Ireland the UK and becoming one of the biggest selling songs in British history.Due to fan requests and letters, as well as their connection to its personal meaning and content, the song remains one of Carey's most performed songs. Deemed by many as her signature song, the song was originally performed on The Arsenio Hall Show, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and Hey Hey It's Saturday during its original chart run. Additionally, Carey performed it on several live telethons and specials, such as Pavarotti and Friends and Michael Jackson & Friends in 1999, America: A Tribute to Heroes in 2001, Live 8 in 2005, and the inaugural ball for Barack Obama in 2009. Additionally, the song was featured on the set-lists of all of Carey's tours, usually serving as the encore or closing number, and making its debut during the album's accompanying set of concerts, the Music Box Tour. The song was included on several of Carey's compilation albums, # 1's (1998), Greatest Hits (2001) and The Ballads (2008).Throughout the course of her career, Carey has re-recorded the song twice, and filmed other music videos aside from the original. The first music video for the song was filmed by Larry Jordan in July 1993 during a private concert at Proctor's Theatre, later released on the home video Here Is Mariah Carey. In 2001, following the September 11 attacks, Carey re-recorded the song as a mash-up single titled Never Too Far/Hero Medley, a medley with her single at the time, Never Too Far. Additionally, prior to the release of her compilation album The Ballads, Carey re-recorded \"Hero\" and filmed a new video featuring behind the scenes footage of the studio. \"Hero\" won two ASCAP Rhythm & Soul Music Awards, one ASCAP Pop Music Award and one BMI Pop Award for the Songwriter Award. The song has been covered many times during both studio and live recordings, such as on global singing competitions."@en .corpus45.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben's_Chili_Bowl> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ben's Chili Bowl is a landmark restaurant in Washington, D.C., located at 1213 U Street, next to Lincoln Theatre, in the Shaw neighborhood of northwest D.C. It is known locally for its chili dogs, half-smokes, and milkshakes, and has been an integral part of the neighborhood's history since its founding in 1958. It was frequented by both police and protesters during the 1968 Washington, D.C. riots, and is regularly visited by celebrities, such as Bill Cosby and Chris Tucker. In January 2009, Washington, D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty took then-President-elect Barack Obama to eat at Ben's as part of his welcome to the city."@en .corpus45.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Crouere> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jeff Crouere is a Conservative political commentator in the Greater New Orleans area.He has held several positions within the Louisiana Republican Party, formerly including executive director.  In 1995, Crouere unsuccessfully ran for a seat at the Louisiana Legislature against Democratic incumbent Mitch Landrieu.Crouere is an explicit opponent of what he has called the \"socialist agenda\" of Barack Obama; when Glenn Ellerbee expressed strong opposition at a 2009 meeting in Reserve, Louisiana, to Barack Obama's healthcare proposals, the \"comments were greeted by thunderous applause from the enthusiastic crowd\" as described by Crouere.Crouere has broadcast on WTIX, WSHO, WLAE, WGNO, and WGSO."@en .corpus45.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Campus> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Museum Campus is a 57-acre (23 ha) museum park that sits near Lake Michigan in Chicago and surrounds three of the city's most notable museums, all dedicated to the natural sciences: the Adler Planetarium; the Shedd Aquarium; and the Field Museum of Natural History.  The park is also the site of Soldier Field football stadium, the Lakeside Center of McCormick Place, as well as Northerly Island, formerly home to Meigs Field airport.  The campus comprises the southeast corner of Grant Park. There are currently proposals to expand the Museum Campus southward as the home of both Lucas Narrative Arts Museum as well as the Barack Obama Presidential Library and Museum."@en .corpus45.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernice_King> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bernice Albertine King (born March 28, 1963) is an American minister best known as the youngest child of civil rights leaders Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King. She was only five years old when her father was killed. In her adolescence, King chose to work towards becoming a minister after having a breakdown from watching a documentary about her father. King was 17 when she was invited to speak at the United Nations. Twenty years after her father died, she preached her trial sermon. Inspired by her parents' activism, she was arrested multiple times during her early adulthood.King participated in a march against same sex-marriage in 2004. Her mother suffered a stroke the following year and after she died in January 2006, King delivered the eulogy at her funeral. A turning point in King's life, King experienced conflict within her family when her sister Yolanda King and brother Dexter Scott King supported the sale of the King Center. After her sister died in 2007, she delivered the eulogy for her as well. She supported the 2008 presidential campaign of Barack Obama and called his nomination part of her father's dream.King was elected president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in 2009. Her father and elder brother Martin Luther King III had previously held the position. She was the first woman elected to the presidency in the organization's history, amidst the SCLC holding two separate conventions. King became upset with the actions of the SCLC, amid feeling that the organization was ignoring her suggestions and declined the presidency in January 2010.She has become involved in legal disputes with her brothers. King resigned as an elder at New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in May 2011. She had been with the church for nine years and had planned to start her own ministry when she became CEO of the King Center only months afterward. In 2014, King has opposed her brothers in selling their father's Nobel Peace Prize and personal bible. At the time of the dispute, King asked the media to \"refrain from grouping\" her with her brothers."@en .corpus45.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cutler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Matthew Cutler (born June 22, 1965) is the Otto Eckstein Professor of Applied Economics at Harvard University. He holds a joint appointment in the economics department and in Harvard's Kennedy School of Government and the Harvard School of Public Health.  He graduated from Harvard College, summa cum laude, with a degree in Economics, and then joined the Harvard faculty after receiving his Ph.D. in Economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1991. He served in the administration of Bill Clinton and was the senior health care advisor to Barack Obama.  From 2003-2008 Cutler was Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences for Social Sciences.While his work on health economics covers a broad range of subtopics, he is particularly notable for his work on the value of the health care system as a whole. Much of his work argues that the United States has realized good \"bang for its buck\" by any reasonable measure of the value of a statistical year of life in good health. That is, while health care is extremely expensive, Americans also place a very high value on documentable health gains. He also argues that they could gain considerably more health for the dollar if reimbursement for care were tied to the health value of the service instead of the intensity of the service.His book Your Money or Your Life gives an introduction on the US health care system. The book and Cutler's ideas were the subject of an article in the New York Times Magazine titled The Quality Cure.Also, Cutler's 2003 study, \"Why have Americans become more obese?\", discusses rising obesity as an outcome of the revolution in mass food packaging. He includes vacuum packing, improved preservatives, deep freezing, and microwaves as culprits. Consumer prices on items like various frozen foods, soda, and potato chips are increasing at half the rate of fresh fruits and vegetables, which mass preparation makes for lower costs and more food consumption.Calories expended, however, changed little. Accordingly, Cutler posits that the 20 min average reduced time of food preparation has resulted in a calorie increase of 100 per day per individual, on average. These extra 100 Calories can largely account for a 10-12 lb weight gain in the American population over the past 20 years."@en .corpus45.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Sentinel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Orlando Sentinel is the primary newspaper of Orlando, Florida and the Central Florida region. It was founded in 1876. The Sentinel is owned by Tribune Publishing.  It has historically tilted conservative; however it has endorsed a Democrat for president in two of the last three presidential elections. The Sentinel endorsed John Kerry in 2004, and Barack Obama in 2008. The Sentinel prices are $1.50 daily and $2 on Saturdays, Sundays and Thanksgiving Day."@en .corpus46.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena-Auditorium> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Arena-Auditorium is a 15,028-seat multi-purpose arena in Laramie, Wyoming. The arena opened in 1982 and has since been the home of the University of Wyoming Cowboys basketball team, as well as home to the Cowgirls basketball team since 2003.  It replaced the previous home of Cowboys basketball, War Memorial Fieldhouse.Nicknamed the \"Dome of Doom\" and the \"Double A,\" the Arena-Auditorium is  the highest NCAA Division I college basketball court in the nation, built at an elevation of 7,220 ft (2,201 m).  The facility hosted the 1986 and 1991 Western Athletic Conference men's basketball tournaments.  It also hosted the West Regional of the 2006 NCAA Wrestling Tournament.  The largest crowd to watch a basketball game at the Arena-Auditorium was on March 2, 2002 when Wyoming played Utah in men's basketball.  Wyoming won that game by a final score of 57-56 in front of 16,089 people.In 2007 the Cowgirls hosted 5 Women's National Invitation Tournament (WNIT) games at the Double A, plus the March 31st WNIT championship game in which Wyoming beat the Wisconsin Badgers 72-56.  For the title game against Wisconsin, the women's basketball team sold out the Double A in less than 14 hours following their semi-final victory against Kansas State. The 15,462 in attendance was largest crowd ever for a women's basketball game played at the University of Wyoming, as well as the second biggest crowd ever at the Double A and second biggest in WNIT tournament history.Then-Senator Barack Obama spoke to a capacity crowd at the AA on March 7, 2008.  The speech was as a part of the future President's campaign to win the Wyoming Democratic Party caucus, which he did win the following day."@en .corpus46.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agganis_Arena> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Agganis Arena is a 7,200-seat multi-purpose arena in Boston, Massachusetts, USA, on the campus of Boston University, built on the location of the former Commonwealth Armory. It is named after Harry Agganis, an outstanding football and baseball athlete for BU and the Boston Red Sox. He died at the age of 26, from a massive pulmonary embolism. The hockey rink is named Jack Parker Rink, after one of the most successful coaches in college hockey history. It is part of Boston University's John Hancock Student Village, which also includes dormitories and the university's five-story Fitness and Recreation Center.It replaced Walter Brown Arena, located at the Case Athletic Center, on the opposite side of neighboring Nickerson Field. It was dedicated in 2004 and hosted its first event in 2005.It is home to the 2009 National Champion ice hockey team, the Boston University Terriers.It serves as a regional auditorium for large events, including ceremonies of other schools such as Berklee School of Music, musicals, awareness events and appearances by speakers, such as Barack Obama and Dave Chappelle.It is also used for some BU basketball games, as well as concerts and other events. It also hosts the annual CRASH-B World Indoor Rowing Championship.It hosted the first rounds of the 2007 America East Conference men's basketball tournament, the 2011 finals of that tournament, and the 2009 Women's Frozen Four. The men's and women's basketball teams play games here when they are playing highly ranked teams. Otherwise, they play at Case Gym, otherwise known as The Roof, on Babcock Street. The arena hosted TNA Wrestling's anniversary show Slammiversary on June 2, 2013."@en .corpus46.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Tax_Freedom_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1998 Internet Tax Freedom Act was a United States law authored by Representative Christopher Cox and Senator Ron Wyden, and signed into law as title XI of Public Law 105-277 on October 21, 1998 by President Bill Clinton in an effort to promote and preserve the commercial, educational, and informational potential of the Internet.  This law bars federal, state and local governments from taxing Internet access and from imposing discriminatory Internet-only taxes such as bit taxes, bandwidth taxes, and email taxes.  The law also bars multiple taxes on electronic commerce.It does not exempt sales made on the Internet from taxation, as these may be taxed at the same state and local sales tax rate as non-Internet sales, just like mail order sales.  The Act did not repeal any state sales or use tax.It has been extended four times by the United States Congress since its original enactment.  The most recent extension was signed into law on September 19, 2014, by President Barack Obama and extended the moratorium until December 11, 2014.The 1998 law also authorized establishment of a study commission to study national tax policy with regard to the Internet.  The Advisory Commission on Electronic Commerce studied the issue from 1999 to 2000.  The Commission was chaired by then-Virginia Governor James S. Gilmore, III, who led a majority coalition on the Commission to issue a final report opposing taxation of the Internet and eliminating the federal excise tax on telecommunications services, among other ideas.On July 15, 2014, the United States House of Representatives voted to pass the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act (H.R. 3086; 113th Congress), a bill that would amend the Internet Tax Freedom Act to make permanent the ban on state and local taxation of Internet access and on multiple or discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce."@en .corpus46.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States_by_date_of_death> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This is a complete list of United States Presidents by date of death. There are currently four living former Presidents (George H. W. Bush, Jimmy Carter, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton, in order from oldest to youngest), as well as the current President Barack Obama."@en .corpus47.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolute_desk> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Resolute desk is a large, nineteenth-century partners' desk often chosen by presidents of the United States for use in the White House Oval Office as the Oval Office desk. It was a gift from Queen Victoria to President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1880 and was built from the timbers of the British Arctic Exploration ship Resolute. Franklin Roosevelt had a small door built for the gap to prevent people from seeing his leg braces.  Many presidents since Hayes have used the desk at various locations in the White House, but it was Jackie Kennedy who first brought the desk into the Oval Office in 1961 for President John F. Kennedy. It was removed from the White House only once, after the assassination of President Kennedy in 1963, when President Johnson allowed the desk to go on a traveling exhibition with the Kennedy Presidential Library. After this it was on display in the Smithsonian Institution. President Jimmy Carter brought the desk back to the Oval Office, where Presidents Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush used it. It is currently in use by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus47.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Order_13233> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Executive Order 13233 limited access to the records of former United States Presidents to a higher degree than the previous Order 12667, which it superseded. It was drafted by then White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales and issued by George W. Bush on November 1, 2001.  Section 13 of Order 13233 revoked Executive Order 12667 which was issued by Ronald Reagan on January 18, 1989.Executive Order 13233 was partially struck down in October 2007. The order was revoked on January 21, 2009 by Barack Obama's Executive Order 13489, which essentially restored most of the wording of Order 12667 with some modifications."@en .corpus47.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vartan_Gregorian> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Vartan Gregorian (Armenian: Վարդան Գրիգորեան; Persian: وارتان گرگوریان‎, born April 8, 1934) is an Iranian-born Armenian-American academic, serving as the president of Carnegie Corporation of New York.He came to the United States in 1956 as a freshman, attending Stanford University, where he completed his B.A., with honors, in two years. After receiving his dual doctorates in history and humanities from Stanford in 1964, Gregorian served on the faculties at several American universities before joining the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania in 1972 as Tarzian Professor of Armenian and Caucasian History and Professor of South Asian history. In 1974, he was appointed founding dean of U. of Pennsylvania's Faculty of Arts and Sciences and became Provost in 1978. From 1981 to 1989, Gregorian served as president of the New York Public Library, an eight-year tenure which would prove one of his most lasting legacies.In 1988, he was chosen to become president of Brown University, where he served for the next nine years. In 1997, he was selected as president of philanthropic Carnegie Corporation of New York. He is also a trustee of the Museum of Modern Art, the American Academy in Berlin, the Institute for Advanced Study, and Brandeis University, among other institutions.He has received the National Humanities Medal. In 2004, he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian award in the United States. Gregorian is on the advisory board of the USC Center on Public Diplomacy, the Brookings Doha Center and is a member of the editorial board of the Encyclopædia Britannica. President Barack Obama appointed him to serve on the President's Commission on White House Fellowships.A Phi Beta Kappa and a Ford Foundation Foreign Area Training Fellow, he is a recipient of numerous fellowships, including those from the John Simon Guggenheim Foundation, the American Council of Learned Societies, the Social Science Research Council and the American Philosophical Society. He is also a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.He has also received honorary degrees from nearly 70 institutions. He documented much of his private life in his 2003 autobiography The Road to Home: My Life and Times. Since 2013, he had served on the board of trustees of the Dilijan International School, in Dilijan, Armenia."@en .corpus47.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehouse.org> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "whitehouse.org was a parody website that Chickenhead Productions created in 2001, though the domain was first registered in 1995. The banner at the top of the website's front page read: \"THE WHITE HOUSE\" (and then in smaller print underneath) \"OFFICIOUS WEBSITE OF PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH\".  The website was a parody of former U.S. President George W. Bush and his family, friends and administration. The website did not change its George W. Bush theme for more than a year after President Barack Obama took office on January 20, 2009, but has since changed the website address to whitehouse.georgewbush.org.To avoid confusion between the parody and the bona fide White House website, the words \"A Chickenhead Production parody\" and a link to a disclaimer are listed at the bottom of each webpage. In spite of the site's authors' efforts to make the distinction obvious, some of the reader mail posted to the website indicates that some readers nevertheless believe (or at least pretend to believe) whitehouse.org is the real White House website.  The actual White House site is at www.whitehouse.gov.After six years of regular and frequent updates, the site ceased to be updated from September 14, 2007 until shortly before the inauguration of President Barack Obama.  During the lengthy hiatus, on May 30, 2008, the site was briefly removed and replaced with a webpage giving an apparently serious warning that the site had been hacked and that recent visitors to the site may have been infected with trojan malware (although the warning was accompanied with the humorous suggestion that \"communist Chineses\" may be responsible) along with the announcement that there will be no new updates to the site until the web server is \"back under our control\".  Currently, as of August 26th, 2012, the site is \"suspended\".Chickenhead Productions has recently created a similar parody website for the George W. Bush Presidential Library at georgewbush.org/."@en .corpus47.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland_Route_404> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Maryland Route 404 (MD 404) is a major highway on Maryland's Eastern Shore in the United States. It runs 24.61 miles (39.61 km) from MD 662 in Wye Mills on the border of Queen Anne's and Talbot Counties, southeast to the Delaware state line in Caroline County, where the road continues as Delaware Route 404 (DE 404) to Nassau (near Rehoboth Beach). The Maryland and Delaware state highways together cross the width of the Delmarva Peninsula and serve to connect the cities west of the Chesapeake Bay by way of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge and U.S. Route 50 (US 50) with the Delaware Beaches. Along the way, MD 404 passes through mostly farmland and woodland as well as the towns of Queen Anne, Hillsboro, and Denton. The road is a two-lane undivided highway for most of its length with the exception of the bypass around Denton and a section near Hillsboro, which is a four-lane divided highway.MD 404 was designated by 1933 to run from Matapeake (where the Annapolis-Matapeake ferry across the Chesapeake Bay connected the route to Annapolis), east along present-day MD 8, US 50, and MD 662 to Wye Mills, where it follows its current routing to the Delaware border. By 1946, the route’s western terminus was moved to MD 2 north of Annapolis, where it headed east across the Chesapeake Bay on the Sandy Point-Matapeake ferry. The western terminus was cut back to Wye Mills in 1949, having been replaced with US 50 west of there. The route was realigned to bypass Queen Anne and Hillsboro in 1960 and Denton in 1987.Since MD 404 is the main route for travelers between the Chesapeake Bay Bridge and the Delaware Beaches, the road has a high accident rate. To improve on this situation, the Maryland State Highway Administration is planning to widen the two-lane portions of the route into a four-lane divided highway. A portion of the road east of Tuckahoe Creek in Caroline County received $7.7 million for widening as a part of the stimulus bill signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2009."@en .corpus48.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Claypool> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Forrest Claypool is an American politician currently serving as president of the Chicago Transit Authority. He was formerly Democratic member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners.  In 2007–2008, Claypool served as a key member of Barack Obama campaign's media team, in his capacity as a longtime partner of David Axelrod.An attorney, Claypool has lived in the Ravenswood neighborhood of Chicago for the past 15 years. He is twice married and has three children."@en .corpus48.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Klein> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Edward Klein (born 1937) is an American author who has written about the Kennedys, Hillary Clinton and most recently, President Barack Obama.Born in Yonkers, New York, Klein attended Colgate University, graduated from Columbia University School of General Studies, and received an MS degree from the Columbia University School of Journalism."@en .corpus48.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Axelrod> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David M. Axelrod (born February 22, 1955) is an American political consultant and director of the Institute of Politics at the University of Chicago. He is based in Chicago, Illinois and was a top political advisor to President Bill Clinton and a chief campaign advisor to Barack Obama during the campaign for the presidency in 2008.After Obama's election, Axelrod was appointed as Senior Advisor to the President. Axelrod left the White House position in early 2011 and became the Senior Strategist for Obama's successful re-election campaign in 2012. Axelrod served as political writer for the Chicago Tribune. He is the founder of AKPD Message and Media, and operated ASK Public Strategies, now called ASGK Public Strategies."@en .corpus48.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas's_13th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Texas District 13 of the United States House of Representatives is a Congressional District of the U.S. state of Texas that includes most of the Texas Panhandle, parts of Texoma and northeastern parts of North Texas. The current Representative is Mac Thornberry.According to the Cook Partisan Voting Index, it is the most Republican district in the country (R+32).This district, however, has not always been strongly Republican. As late as 1976, Jimmy Carter won 33 of the 44 counties in this district, getting 60-70% in many of them.In 2012, this was President Barack Obama's lowest percentage of the vote in a congressional district. He received 18.5% of the vote."@en .corpus48.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States–Venezuela_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "United States–Venezuela relations are the bilateral relations between the United States of America and the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela. Relations have traditionally been characterized by an important trade and investment relationship and cooperation in combating the production and transit of illegal drugs. Relations were strong under conservative neoliberal governments in Venezuela like that of Rafael Caldera. However, tensions increased after the socialist President Hugo Chávez assumed elected office in 1999. Tensions between the countries increased after Venezuela accused the administration of George W. Bush of supporting the Venezuelan failed coup attempt in 2002 against Chavez. Venezuela broke off diplomatic relations with the U.S. in September 2008 in solidarity with Bolivia after a U.S. ambassador was accused of cooperating with violent anti-government groups in that country, though relations were reestablished under President Barack Obama in June 2009. Despite Venezuela's stated desire for improved relations with the U.S. and its appeals for mutual respect, tensions between both nations are still high as of 2012 due to continuity in U.S. foreign policy under Bush and Obama. In February 2014, Venezuelan Government ordered three American diplomats to leave the country on charges of promoting violence."@en .corpus49.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Sotomayor> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sonia Maria Sotomayor (/ˈsoʊnjə ˈsoʊtəˌmaɪər/, Spanish: [ˈsonja sotomaˈʝor]; born June 25, 1954) is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, serving since August 2009. She is the 111th appointment to the Court, has the distinction of being its first justice of Hispanic heritage, its third female justice, and its twelfth Roman Catholic justice. Sotomayor shares with John Roberts and Elena Kagan being among the youngest justices on the Supreme Court.Sotomayor was born in The Bronx, New York City to Puerto Rican-born parents. Her father died when she was nine, and she was subsequently raised by her mother. Sotomayor graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University in 1976 and received her J.D. from Yale Law School in 1979, where she was an editor at the Yale Law Journal. She was an advocate for the hiring of Latino faculty at both schools. She worked as an assistant district attorney in New York for four and a half years before entering private practice in 1984. She played an active role on the boards of directors for the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund, the State of New York Mortgage Agency, and the New York City Campaign Finance Board.Sotomayor was nominated to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York by President George H. W. Bush in 1991; confirmation followed in 1992. In 1997, she was nominated by President Bill Clinton to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Her nomination was slowed by the Republican majority in the United States Senate, but she was eventually confirmed in 1998. On the Second Circuit, Sotomayor heard appeals in more than 3,000 cases and wrote about 380 opinions. Sotomayor has taught at the New York University School of Law and Columbia Law School.In May 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Sotomayor to the Supreme Court following the retirement of Justice David Souter. Her nomination was confirmed by the Senate in August 2009 by a vote of 68–31. Sotomayor has supported, while on the court, the informal liberal bloc of justices when they divide along the commonly perceived ideological lines."@en .corpus49.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ord> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Fort Ord is a former United States Army post on Monterey Bay of the Pacific Ocean coast in California, which closed in 1994. Most of the fort's land now makes up the Fort Ord National Monument, managed by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management as part of the National Landscape Conservation System. The land that became Fort Ord was used before 1917 as a maneuver area and field-artillery target range, and construction and official designation as a fort occurred in 1940. Fort Ord was considered one of the most attractive locations of any U.S. Army post, because of its proximity to the beach and California weather. The 7th Infantry Division was its main garrison for many years. When Fort Ord was converted to civilian use, space was set aside for the first nature reserve in the United States created for conservation of an insect, the endangered Smith's blue butterfly.  Additional endangered species are found on Fort Ord including; Contra Costa goldfields and the threatened California Tiger Salamander.While much of the old military buildings and infrastructure remain abandoned, many structures have been torn down for anticipated development. California State University at Monterey Bay and the Fort Ord Dunes State Park, along with some subdivisions, the Veterans Transition Center, a commercial strip mall, military facilities and a nature preserve occupy the area today.On April 20, 2012, President Barack Obama signed a proclamation designating a 14,651-acre (5,929 ha) portion of the former post as the Fort Ord National Monument.In his proclamation, the President stated that, \"The protection of the Fort Ord area will maintain its historical and cultural significance, attract tourists and recreationalists from near and far, and enhance its unique natural resources, for the enjoyment of all Americans.\""@en .corpus49.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Piedmont_Community_College> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Central Piedmont Community College (CPCC) is a large community college in Charlotte, North Carolina. Named Central Piedmont Community College by statute and commonly known as CPCC or Central Piedmont, its more than 70,000 students make it the largest community college in the North Carolina Community College System.The school was founded in 1963; it is the result of a merger between Mecklenburg College and the Central Industrial Education Center. Now the College consists of six satellite campuses and an extensive \"Virtual Campus\", all in the Charlotte Metro area. In 2012, US President Barack Obama invoked CPCC in his State of the Union Address."@en .corpus5.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakarusa,_Indiana> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wakarusa is a town in Harrison and Olive townships in Elkhart County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,758 at the 2010 census.Wakarusa is a small farming and manufacturing community located on Indiana 19 just north of Indiana 119.  The town is 12 miles (19 km) south of Elkhart, 25 miles (40 km) southeast of South Bend, 120 miles (190 km) east of Chicago, and 140 miles (230 km) north of Indianapolis.The town was in the news on August 5, 2009, following the visit of President Barack Obama to announce that Indiana was to receive $400 million USD in federal stimulus funds to help revive the state economy."@en .corpus5.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Massachusetts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The City of Salem is a coastal city in Essex County, Massachusetts, in the United States. Located on the North Shore, Massacusetts, Salem is a New England bedrock of history and is considered one of the most significant seaports in Puritan American history. The City of Salem's reported population was 41,340 at the 2010 census. Salem and Lawrence were the county seats of Essex County prior to the abolishment of county government in 1999.The city is home to The House of Seven Gables, Salem State University, the Salem Willows Park, Forrest River Park, and the Peabody Essex Museum Salem is a residential and tourist area which includes the neighborhoods of Salem Neck, The Point, South Salem and North Salem, Witchcraft Heights, Pickering Wharf, and the McIntire Historic District (named after Salem's famous architect and carver, Samuel McIntire). Salem was one of the most significant seaports in early America.Featured notably in Arthur Miller's The Crucible, much of the city's cultural identity is reflective of its role as the location of the Salem witch trials of 1692: Police cars are adorned with witch logos, a local public school is known as the Witchcraft Heights Elementary School, the Salem High School athletic teams are named the Witches; and Gallows Hill, a site of numerous public hangings, is currently used as a playing field for various sports. Tourists know Salem as a mix of important historical sites and a vibrant downtown that has more than 60 restaurants, cafes and coffee shops.  In 2012, the Retailers Association of Massachusetts chose Salem as the recipient of their inaugural \"Best Shopping District\" award.President Barack Obama on January 10, 2013 signed executive order HR1339 designating Salem as the birthplace of the U.S. National Guard."@en .corpus5.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_Falls,_Minnesota> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cannon Falls is a city in Goodhue County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 4,083 at the 2010 census.  Located along U.S. Route 52 to the southeast of the Twin Cities, Cannon Falls may be best known as the home of Pachyderm Studio, where many famous musicians have recorded their music.  Nirvana is probably the best known band to use the site. The group recorded In Utero at the studio.Cannon Falls is named for the falls along the Cannon River and serves as the western trailhead for the Cannon Valley Trail. Colonel William J. Colvill, a hero of the Battle of Gettysburg, is buried in the Cannon Falls Cemetery. Two American presidents have visited the city. The first, Calvin Coolidge, visited in 1928 to dedicate the memorial erected in honor of Colonel Colvill. The second, Barack Obama, visited on August 15, 2011, to kick off the first day of his campaign for a second term."@en .corpus50.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Hollett> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jennifer Hollett (born September 16, 1975) is a Canadian television personality and political activist. In 2013 she sought to be the New Democratic Party's candidate in Toronto Centre for that riding's pending federal by-election but was defeated for the nomination by Linda McQuaig on September 15, 2013.Hollett was a contributor to CBC News Network's prime time show Connect with Mark Kelley and was formerly a MuchMusic VJ and videographer, she hosted MuchOnDemand, Much In Your Space, Combat Zone, Power Shift, Count Down, Live@Much and many specials until leaving the network in 2005.Hollett started out as a radio jockey at Concordia University, where she received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications and Journalism.Her working career started with Sony Music Canada in the New Media Division working on websites for artists such as Our Lady Peace, Prozzak and Céline Dion. She also has the distinction of being the youngest manager in the history of the Sony company.She later moved up to CTV, then to MuchMusic. Auditioning for TV gigs on the sly, in 2001 Jennifer Hollett jumped at the opportunity to host \"The Chatroom\" on TalkTV on the recommendation of a CTV producer she met at Sony. At the end of that year, she applied to the nation’s music video station, and has since been known, she says, as  “that chick from MuchMusic.” In 2006, Hollett volunteered for CARE Canada, touring Canadian Secondary Schools and speaking to youth about her experiences in Kenya with the organization. Hollett has also managed e-communications for Plan Canada (2009), worked with Journalists for Human Rights (2007-2008) to train journalists in Sierra Leone. She is well known for her strong advocacy of girls' and women's rights, and has acted as the Official Summit Moderator for the G(irls)20 Summits in Toronto (2010), Paris (2011), Mexico City (2012), and Moscow (2013).Hollett also developed the 'Super Pac App ', which helped viewers better understand television campaign ads during the 2012 U.S. election.Hollett has a Bachelor of Arts with Distinction in Journalism and Communications from Concordia University in Montreal, and a Masters in Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.Hollett currently works with The Leading Change Network  to train community activists with  Marshall Ganz, strategist credited with devising the successful grass roots organizing model and training for Barack Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign."@en .corpus50.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_election_in_Vermont,_2004> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2004 United States presidential election in Vermont took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.Vermont is the home state of U.S. presidential candidate and anti-war advocate Howard Dean, its former governor. It was also the only state in the U.S. to elect a socialist representative (Bernie Sanders). Vermont voted overwhelmingly for the Democratic candidate, Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts, over incumbent Republican President George W. Bush of Texas.Kerry received 58.94% of the vote to Bush's 38.80%, a Democratic victory margin of 20.14%. Kerry also swept 13 of the state's 14 counties, breaking 60% in 6 of them. Kerry's strongest county was Windham County, which he won with 66.43% of the vote to Bush's 31.22%. Only one county voted for Bush, sparsely populated Essex County in the far northeast of the state, which Bush won with 54.17% of the vote.A state with strong liberal and anti-war tendencies, Vermont registered as the third most Democratic state in the nation in the 2004 election, its results making the state about 23% more Democratic than the nation. It also had the strongest Democratic swing of any state in the nation against Bush compared to the 2000 result. Even as Bush increased his nationwide popular vote support from a 0.52% loss to Al Gore in 2000 to a 2.46% nationwide victory in 2004, Vermont swung 10.20% against Bush, making the state trend 13.18% Democratic relative to the nation. This portended the future trend of the state toward dominance by the Democratic Party, as Democrat Barack Obama would carry the state in a 67-30 landslide four years later in 2008 and again in 2012.Kerry, from neighboring Massachusetts, was the first Northern Democrat ever to carry Vermont. The previous three Democratic presidential candidates to carry the state were all from the South (Lyndon B. Johnson was from Texas, Bill Clinton from Arkansas and Al Gore from Tennessee)."@en .corpus50.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Hill,_Somerville,_Massachusetts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Winter Hill is a neighborhood in Somerville, Massachusetts.  It gets its name from the 120-foot hill that occupies its landscape, the name of which dates back to the 18th century. Winter Hill is located roughly north of Medford Street, west of McGrath Highway, and east of Magoun Square. An early map of the area (dated 1637) from the papers of the family of John Winthrop includes some of this neighborhood and the adjacent Ten Hills section. A Map of the Battle of Bunker Hill from 1775 displays Winter Hill to the northwest, with woody and marshy regions beyond. A map by Henry Pelham published in 1777 includes the Winter Hill Fort as part of the \"Military Works\" in the area. The Winter Hill Fort was described as \"extensive\" among other American Revolutionary War installations, but little evidence of the structural features remains. A \"Plan of the Rebels Works\" in the Library of Congress collection offers a glimpse of the layout. This stronghold is also diagrammed in a map credited to John Montrésor indicating that this was a part of Charlestown at the time.The \"Midnight Ride\" of Paul Revere crossed over Winter Hill, and is re-enacted each year as part of the Patriots' Day festivities in the Boston area. Numerous buildings included in the National Register of Historic Places are found in this neighborhood, including the Adams-Magoun House, the Charles Adams-Woodbury Locke House, the Broadway Winter Hill Congregational Church and the Elisha Hopkins House among others.An apartment in the Langmaid Terrace building on Winter Hill at 365 Broadway Ave was the home of Barack Obama between 1988 and 1991 while he was a student at Harvard Law School.By the 21st century Winter Hill featured a mix of restored homes and aging Triple deckers, replete with china gnomes and bathtub Virgin Marys. Once known as the home base of Irish gangsters Whitey Bulger, James \"Buddy\" McLean, Howie Winter and the notorious Winter Hill Gang, Winter Hill is now, like much of the rest of Somerville, experiencing gentrification and a resulting rise in property values and rents. Despite these changes, the area continues to hang onto its neighborhood flavor and is home to a large community of Irish and Italian people.Winter Hill is home to a variety of eateries, Mama Lisa's and Leone's pizza establishments, the Winter Hill Bakery, and Maria's Italian Cold Cuts. A number of new restaurants, cafes, and shops are in the late planning stages. The Theater Coop, one of the Boston area's few new repertory live theaters, is located between Foss Park and the local supermarket. Near Winter Hill in East Somerville is a community pottery studio, called Mudflat, and a collective of stained glass artists called Daniel Maher Stained Glass.Foss Park abuts Interstate 93 at the base of Winter Hill. The park has a large, colorful mural painted behind the public swimming pool, and is home to a wide variety of sporting matches, especially soccer. At one time a portion of the Middlesex Canal was located on land that became this park.An extension of the Green Line to the Winter Hill area is currently in planning phases, specifically with stations at Medford Street (Gilman Square) and Lowell Street, though estimated completion has been pushed back to 2014. The route of the Green Line Extension has been broadly defined but not finalised."@en .corpus50.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_Thrift_Supervision> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS) was a United States federal agency under the Department of the Treasury that chartered, supervised, and regulated all federally chartered and state-chartered savings banks and savings and loans associations. It was created in 1989 as a renamed version of another federal agency (that was faulted for its role in the savings and loan crisis). Like other U.S. federal bank regulators, it was paid by the banks it regulated. The OTS was initially seen as an aggressive regulator, but was later lax. Declining revenues and staff led the OTS to market itself to companies as a lax regulator in order to get revenue.The OTS also expanded its oversight to companies that were not banks. Some of the companies that failed under OTS supervision during the financial crisis of 2007–2010 include American International Group (AIG), Washington Mutual, and IndyMac.The OTS was implicated in a backdating scandal regarding the balance sheet of IndyMac. Reform proposals from Henry Paulson, President Barack Obama, and the U.S. Congress proposed to merge the OTS with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Section 312 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act mandated merger of OTS with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) as of 21 July 2011. The OTS ceased to exist on 19 October 2011."@en .corpus51.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Obama> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama (born January 17, 1964) is an American lawyer and writer. She is the wife of the 44th and current President of the United States, Barack Obama, and the first African-American First Lady of the United States. Raised on the South Side of Chicago, she is a graduate of Princeton University and Harvard Law School, and spent the early part of her legal career working at the law firm Sidley Austin, where she met Obama. Subsequently, she worked as part of the staff of Chicago mayor Richard M. Daley, and for the University of Chicago Medical Center.Throughout 2007 and 2008, she helped campaign for her husband's presidential bid. She delivered a keynote address at the 2008 Democratic National Convention and also spoke at the 2012 Democratic National Convention. She and her husband have two daughters together. As the wife of a senator, and later the first lady, she has become a fashion icon and role model for women, and an advocate for poverty awareness, nutrition, and healthy eating."@en .corpus51.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crypto-Islam> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Crypto-Islam is the secret adherence to Islam while publicly professing to be of another faith; people who practice crypto-Islam are referred to as \"crypto-Muslims\". The word has mainly been used in reference to Spanish Muslims during the Inquisition (i.e., the Moriscos and their usage of Aljamiado).Related to this term are the concepts of crypto-Muslim subgroups, such as crypto-Sunni Muslims and crypto-Shia Muslims.  Each of these Muslim subgroups has suffered persecution at various times under various leaders where it was advantageous to appear as part of the dominant (sometimes also Muslim) group.Some mention was made of the concept during the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign in accusations directed towards Barack Obama. From 1969 to 1971, Obama attended a secular Indonesian state primary school. Although Obama has family and ancestors with divergent religious views, he has repeatedly stated he is a Christian and has never been a Muslim."@en .corpus51.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Plouffe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Plouffe (/ˈplʌf/; born May 27, 1967) is an American political strategist best known as the  campaign manager for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. A long-time Democratic Party campaign consultant, he was a partner at the party-aligned campaign consulting firm AKPD Message and Media, which he joined in 2000. Plouffe was an outside senior advisor to Obama since the president's first day in office and was then appointed as a Senior Advisor to the President (inside the White House) in 2011 following  the resignation of David Axelrod, who went on to start Obama's reelection campaign.  In September 2014, he became the Senior Vice President of Policy and Strategy for ridesharing startup Uber."@en .corpus51.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Lee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Amos Lee (born Ryan Anthony Massaro; June 22, 1977) is an American singer-songwriter whose musical style encompasses folk, rock and soul. He was born in Philadelphia and graduated from the University of South Carolina with a degree in English. After working as a schoolteacher and bartender he began to pursue a career in music. His manager submitted a demo recording to Blue Note Records which resulted in a recording contract and an association with singer Norah Jones.Since that time Lee has recorded five albums on Blue Note Records and has toured as an opening act for Norah Jones, Bob Dylan, Elvis Costello, Paul Simon, Merle Haggard, Van Morrison, John Prine, Dave Matthews Band, Adele, the Zac Brown Band, Jack Johnson, and The Avett Brothers. His music has appeared on the soundtracks of numerous TV shows and movies. He has performed on several late night TV shows and at a voter registration rally for Barack Obama.  In 2011, his album Mission Bell debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart."@en .corpus51.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Hildebrand> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steve Hildebrand is a Democratic political strategist based out of Sioux Falls, South Dakota. He was the deputy national campaign director of Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign."@en .corpus52.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/111th_United_States_Congress> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The One Hundred Eleventh United States Congress was the meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government from January 3, 2009, until January 3, 2011. It began during the last two weeks of the George W. Bush administration, with the remainder spanning the first two years of Barack Obama's presidency. It was composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives. The apportionment of seats in the House was based on the 2000 U.S. Census. In the November 4, 2008 elections, the Democratic Party increased its majorities in both chambers, giving President Obama a Democratic majority in the legislature for the first two years of his presidency. A new delegate seat was created for the Northern Mariana Islands. The 111th Congress had the most experienced members in history: at the start of the 111th Congress, the average member of the House had served 10.3 years, while the average Senator had served 13.4 years. This Congress has been considered one of the most productive Congresses in history in terms of legislation passed since the 89th Congress, during Lyndon Johnson's Great Society."@en .corpus52.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/112th_United_States_Congress> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The One Hundred Twelfth United States Congress was the meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, from January 3, 2011 until January 3, 2013. It convened in Washington, D.C. on January 3, 2011, and ended on January 3, 2013, 17 days before the end of the presidential term to which Barack Obama was elected in 2008. Senators elected to regular terms in 2006 completed those terms in this Congress. This Congress included the last House of Representatives elected from congressional districts that were apportioned based on the 2000 census.In the 2010 midterm elections, the Republican Party won the majority in the House of Representatives. While the Democrats kept their Senate majority, it was reduced from the previous Congress. This was the first Congress in which the House and Senate were controlled by different parties since the 107th Congress (2001–2003), and the first Congress to begin that way since the 99th Congress (1985–1987). In this Congress, the House of Representatives had the largest number of Republican members, 242, since the 80th Congress (1947–1949). It was also the first Congress since 1947 in which no member of the Kennedy family served, as well as the most politically polarized Congress since Reconstruction, with record low approval ratings."@en .corpus52.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Authenticity_(reenactment)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In historical reenactment, authenticity (sometimes referred to as the A-factor or simply A) is a measure of how close an item, prop, action, weapon, or custom is to what would actually have been used or done in the time period being depicted.For example, in most northern European medieval reenactment cotton is an inauthentic material—as opposed to wool or linen—though it would be authentic in more modern periods and events, such as American Civil War reenactment or World War II reenactment. Likewise, pop culture references and talking about modern events or objects (e.g., wrist watches, mobile phones, or President Barack Obama) is inauthentic.Generally, the ratio of events and groups enforcing strict authenticity to those permitting (limited) inauthenticity among the participating reenactors is estimated to be half-half, i.e., there are approximately as many groups enforcing historical accuracy as there are permitting a more liberal use of the term \"authentic\". This does, however, vary from country to country."@en .corpus52.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Ralph> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "J. Ralph (American born; 1975) is an Academy Award nominated composer, singer/songwriter and producer from New York City.  His professional career began when he was signed to Atlantic Records at the age of 22 as a recording artist.  He is the founder of the award winning music production company The Rumor Mill, and has written and produced the music for numerous Oscar winning films, Grammy Award winning artists, The United Nations, and The President of The United States, Barack Obama.  His music has sold more than 10 million records world wide and reached the number one position on the Billboard hot 100 charts in over 22 countries."@en .corpus52.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord-in-Waiting> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lords in Waiting (female Baroness-in-Waiting) are members of House of Lords who hold office in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom.There are two kinds of Lords in Waiting: political appointees by the Government of the day who serve as Government whips in the House of Lords; and non-political appointments by the Monarch, as an honour for retiring courtiers, who sit as crossbenchers.As members of the Royal Household their duties are nominal, though they are occasionally required to meet visiting political and state leaders on visits to the United Kingdom.  For instance, on 23 May 2011, when Barack Obama travelled to the United Kingdom from Ireland one day earlier than had originally been planned, he was greeted by the Lord in Waiting Viscount Brookeborough, who met him on behalf of the Queen. In 2014, Viscount Hood welcomed President Michael D. Higgins of Ireland to the UK. As political appointees, the Sovereign appoints them on the recommendation of the Prime Minister.A number of non-political Lords in Waiting are also appointed, as well as Permanent Lords in Waiting, who are usually retired senior officials of the Royal Household. These, being non-political, are at the personal discretion of the Sovereign. For example, Lord Janvrin who was, until 2007, the Private Secretary to the Queen, was installed upon his retirement as a life peer in the House of Lords and serves as one of Her Majesty's Permanent Lords-in-Waiting."@en .corpus52.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanne_Verveer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Melanne Verveer is the Executive Director of the Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security at Georgetown University and a founding partner of Seneca Point Global, the global women strategy firm.Most recently, she served as the first United States Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues, nominated by President Barack Obama in February and confirmed by the United States Senate in April 2009. In that role, she directed the Office of Global Women's Issues. Previously, Ambassador Verveer served as the Chair and Co-CEO of Vital Voices Global Partnership, which she co-founded with Hillary Rodham Clinton in 2001. Vital Voices is a global NGO that supports emerging women leaders who are advancing economic, political and social progress in their societies. During the Clinton Administration, Ambassador Verveer served as Assistant to President Bill Clinton and Chief of Staff to the First Lady Hillary Clinton. Among her duties was overseeing Mrs. Clinton’s global initiatives on women’s rights as human rights.Prior to serving in the White House, she was Executive Director of People for the American Way, a constitutional liberties and civil rights organization, where she played a key role in the passage of landmark civil rights legislation. Earlier, she was Coordinator for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs for the US Catholic Conference. She served on the staffs of US Senator George McGovern and Representative Marcy Kaptur.Ambassador Verveer holds a B.S. and M.S. from Georgetown University. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the Trilateral Commission and the World Bank Advisory Council on Gender and Development. She served as the 2013 Humanitas visiting professor at Cambridge University. In 2008, the President of Ukraine awarded her the Order of Princess Olga. She holds several honorary degrees and is the recipient of numerous awards, including the U.S. Secretary's Distinguished Service Award."@en .corpus53.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raul_Yzaguirre> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Raul Humberto Yzaguirre  (born July 22, 1939 in San Juan, Texas) is an American civil rights activist. Currently a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations, he previously served as the president and CEO of the National Council of La Raza from 1974 to 2004. On November 30, 2009, he was nominated by President Barack Obama to be United States Ambassador to the Dominican Republic and was confirmed by the Senate on September 29, 2010. He attended the George Washington University."@en .corpus53.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Kamras> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jason Kamras (b. Sacramento, California)  was selected as the 2005 National Teacher of the Year. He is the Chief of the Office of Human Capital and former director of human capital strategy for teachers in D.C. Public Schools, and was an adviser on education policy to the Barack Obama presidential campaign.  Before that, he served as a seventh-grade mathematics teacher at John Philip Sousa Middle School in Washington, D.C. for eight years.During his 9-year career, he has taught mathematics and social studies to 6th, 7th, and 8th graders. After graduating from Princeton University summa cum laude with a degree in public policy in 1995,  Kamras joined Teach For America, which placed him at Sousa. He piloted changes in the mathematics curriculum that helped the percentage of students scoring \"below basic\" on the Stanford 9 test to fall from 80 percent to 40 percent in one year.He successfully lobbied Sousa administrators to double the amount of class time spent on math. In addition, he is the founder of the EXPOSE camera club, which teaches students to use digital photography to depict their lives.  This project earned him the Mayor's Art Award for Outstanding Contributions to Arts Education. Kamras earned his master’s degree from the Harvard Graduate School of Education in 2000.Kamras views teachers as civil rights activists. Sousa was segregated until a 1954 challenge to its status led to the desegregation of DC public schools. \"To honor the school's unique role in the movement, I feel compelled to guarantee that it serves as an agent of social change, advancing those who have been ignored or constrained,\" he says. Kamras is also a digital rights advocate for teachers and believes every educator should have the same tools he uses: a laptop, Internet access, an LCD projector, inexpensive student-response devices for classroom polling, and a smart whiteboard for interactive classroom displays."@en .corpus53.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Sheehan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cindy Lee Miller Sheehan (born July 10, 1957) is an American antiwar activist whose son, U.S. Army Specialist Casey Sheehan, was killed by enemy action during the Iraq War. She attracted national and international media attention in August 2005 for her extended antiwar protest at a makeshift camp outside President George W. Bush's Texas ranch—a stand that drew both passionate support and angry criticism. Sheehan ran unsuccessfully for Congress in 2008. She is a vocal critic of President Barack Obama's foreign policy. Her memoir, Peace Mom: A Mother's Journey Through Heartache to Activism, was published in 2006.Sheehan was the 2012 vice-presidential nominee of the Peace and Freedom Party, and has announced her candidacy in the 2014 California Governor's Election."@en .corpus53.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Raspberry> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Raspberry (October 12, 1935 – July 17, 2012) was a Pulitzer Prize-winning syndicated American public affairs columnist. He was also the Knight Professor of the Practice of Communications and Journalism at the Sanford Institute of Public Policy at Duke University. An African American, he frequently wrote on racial issues.In 1999, Raspberry received the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award as well as an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Colby College.After earning a B.S. in history at the University of Indianapolis in 1958, he continued to work at the local weekly Indianapolis Recorder where he'd begun in 1956, rising to associate managing editor.  He was drafted and served as a U.S. Army public information officer 1960-1962.  The Washington Post hired him as a teletypist in 1962. Raspberry quickly rose in the ranks of the paper, becoming a columnist in 1966. Raspberry was first nominated for a Pulitzer Prize in 1982, and won the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary in 1994.Raspberry supported gay rights, writing at least one column condemning gay-bashing. He argued against certain torts and complaints from the disabled. Ragged Edge, a disabled-rights publication, published complaints from letters to the editor that the Post did not print.He retired in December 2005. He provided the Washington Post a guest column on November 11, 2008, commenting on the election of Barack Obama as president of the United States.As of 2008, he was president of \"Baby Steps\", a parent training and empowerment program based in Okolona, Mississippi. Raspberry is an alumnus of Okolona College.He is the author of Looking Backward at Us, a collection of his columns from the 1980s. Raspberry died of  prostate cancer on July 17, 2012. He was 76."@en .corpus53.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Mitchell_Observatory> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Maria Mitchell Observatory in Nantucket, Massachusetts, USA, was founded in 1908 and named in honor of Maria Mitchell, the first American woman astronomer.  It is a major component of the Maria Mitchell Association.  The Observatory actually consists of two observatories - the main Maria Mitchell Observatory near downtown Nantucket and the Loines Observatory about a kilometer west of town.  It is also the repository for a valuable collection of over 8000 wide-field (13° x 16°) glass photographic plates, recording observations of large swaths of sky from 1913 to 1995.The observatory has extensive public education and research programs. For more than 50 years, the observatory has offered summer research internships in astronomy and astrophysics for undergraduate students, funded by the National Science Foundation. The importance of this work was recognized with a 2009 Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics, and Engineering Mentoring, given by President Barack Obama to the Maria Mitchell Association.The two observatories consist of three domed telescopes. The Vestal street location houses research offices as well as the 17-inch Plane Wave Dall-Kirkham telescope. This telescope was installed in 2008 after the completion of the Loines Observatory. The Loines Observatory houses the historic 7.5-inch Alvan Clark refractor, which is used for public stargazing. At this location there is also the larger 24-inch Richey-Chretian reflecting telescope, installed in 2006, which has been made accessible for public tours. Both the 17-inch and the 24-inch telescopes are also used for research year round."@en .corpus53.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minuteman_Civil_Defense_Corps> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Minuteman Civil Defense Corps is a volunteer group headed by Chris Simcox and dedicated to preventing illegal crossings of the United States border. Arguing that the government is insufficiently concerned with securing the U.S. border, they have organized several state chapters, with the intention of providing law enforcement agencies with evidence of immigration law violations. Simcox states that the group merely reports incidents to law enforcement, and does not directly confront immigrants. There is a standard operating procedure (SOP) that must be followed by Minutemen volunteers. Rules include not speaking to, approaching, gesturing towards or having physical contact in any way with any suspected border crossers they may see. The organization has been criticized as being a right-wing militia. The MCDC is often confused with or thought to be affiliated with The Minuteman Project Inc., but the two groups are wholly distinct. The group was originally co-founded by American neo-Nazi, J. T. Ready.On March 15, 2010, Minuteman Civil Defense Corps President Carmen Mercer sent an e-mail to the group's members in which she stated, \"For eight long years we Minutemen played nice; yet for the past eight years we firmly expressed our opinions and desires for the border to be secured. This muster will be completely different. President Barack Obama and John McCain have left us no choice. This March we return to the border locked, loaded and ready to stop each and every individual we encounter along the frontier that is now more dangerous than the frontier of Afghanistan.\" After receiving what she described as a \"dramatic\" response from members who promised to return to the border armed, Mercer called for the dissolution of the group on March 23 citing her concern of being held responsible should members fail to follow the proper \"rules of engagement\"."@en .corpus53.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_Tigertones> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Princeton Tigertones are an internationally known all-male collegiate a cappella singing group from Princeton University. The group was founded in 1946, and since then has produced thirty-two albums. The Tigertones, known informally as \"The Tones\", draw from a repertoire of nearly a hundred songs that have been arranged almost exclusively by members of the group, and which range in genre from traditional choral arrangements through barbershop quartet standards, modern jazz, the \"American songbook\", and contemporary pop culture hits.In addition to extensive performing on Princeton's campus, the group frequently tours the United States and the world, and has traveled across the United States, Europe, and Asia to perform in such storied venues as New York City's Carnegie Hall, London's Barbican Centre, and aboard Cunard Line's Queen Elizabeth 2. The Tigertones have performed before heads of state including President Bill Clinton and the late Yitzhak Rabin, and, in 2010, performed three times at the White House for an audience including President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.The Tigertones have been profiled in dozens of publications, including a 1995 article in Rolling Stone and Life magazine. They are historically notable for being the first collegiate a cappella group to release an album in compact disc format (1989's \"Ba Da Ya Ba Da.\") and the first collegiate a cappella group to have a page on the World Wide Web, dating from March 1994."@en .corpus53.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmichael_Arena> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Donald Carmichael, Jr. Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States. It is home to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Tar Heels women's basketball team.The arena opened in 1965 as Carmichael Auditorium.  It is named for William Donald Carmichael, Jr., a popular former school vice-president and brother of All-America basketball player Cartwright Carmichael.  Although it was apparent by the early 1960s that the men's basketball team needed a new home to replace 27-year-old Woollen Gymnasium, the state refused to fund a completely new arena. As a result, Carmichael was built as an annex to Woollen; it shares the older facility's eastern wall.  It originally seated just over 8,000 people, but expansions over the years brought its final capacity to 10,180 by the time the men left for the Dean Smith Center in 1986.  After the most recent remodeling completed in 2009, capacity is 8,010.Carmichael was known as one of the loudest arenas in the country while the Tar Heel men played there, largely because of a low roof and a student section that ringed the court.  During a 1982 game against the Virginia Cavaliers, it was so loud that the Virginia players could not even hear their own names being announced prior to the start of the game.  In part due to this formidable home court advantage, the men had a record of 169-20 (.894) in just over 20 seasons there.  Coincidentally, Dean Smith was the Tar Heels' coach for their entire tenure in Carmichael.  The Tar Heels won their second NCAA title in 1981-82, while playing at the arena.A new floor was installed in 1998, after a roof fire that occurred in February during renovations.  The arena was completely remodeled beginning in spring 2008, and the women's team joined the men in the Smith Center until completion in December 2009.  The facility was officially renamed Carmichael Arena during the women's team's matchup against rival Duke on February 28, 2010.The men's team played their first round home game of the 2010 National Invitation Tournament at Carmichael because renovations were taking place at the Smith Center.  On March 16, 2010, they defeated William & Mary in their first official game at Carmichael in 24 years. Coincidentally, William & Mary was the first-ever opponent for the men's basketball team in Carmichael Arena in 1965.The arena hosted a speech by President Barack Obama on April 24, 2012."@en .corpus54.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Rice> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Susan Elizabeth Rice (born November 17, 1964) is the United States National Security Advisor. Rice is a former U.S. diplomat, former Brookings Institution fellow, and former United States Ambassador to the United Nations. Rice served on the staff of the National Security Council, and as Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs during President Bill Clinton's second term. Rice was confirmed as UN ambassador by the U.S. Senate by unanimous consent on January 22, 2009.Rice's name was mentioned as a possible replacement for retiring Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2013 after President Barack Obama's November 2012 re-election, but on December 13,  following ongoing controversy related to the 2012 Benghazi attack on the U.S consulate, she announced that she was willingly withdrawing her name from consideration saying that if nominated \"the confirmation process would be lengthy, disruptive, and costly\".Rice succeeded Tom Donilon as National Security Advisor on July 1, 2013."@en .corpus54.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Y._Goldway> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ruth Yannatta Goldway is a member of the Postal Regulatory Commission, and served as its chairman from 2009-2014.She was first appointed by President Bill Clinton in April 1998, and reappointed in 2002 and 2008 by President George W. Bush to serve until 2014.  She was selected as chairman by President Barack Obama on August 6, 2009.Goldway is currently the longest serving Senate-confirmed presidential appointee in a full-time political position in the executive branch of the United States Government. She has written on postal matters for national newspapers and submitted congressional testimony. Goldway is widely credited for persuading the United States Postal Stamp Service to adopt the \"Forever stamp,\" a stamp that will be valid forever when purchased at the going first-class rate. She has advocated for wider availability of Vote by Mail and national access to no-excuse absentee ballots in federal elections. She has also advocated for the large-scale adoption of electric vehicles for mail delivery.As chairman, Goldway presided during a time marked by a record caseload and the implementation of new postal laws and regulations. On her watch, the commission issued a number of major decisions including the first Exigency Rate Case, the first Non-Compliance Determination, and Advisory Opinions on Post Office Station and Branch Closings, and on Five Day Mail Delivery. She established a series of monthly commission public meetings, which are webcast, and initiated the publication of a quarterly report on rate and service inquiries. The Commission has responded to hundreds of Postal Service proposals including Rate Requests, Market Tests and Experimental Products and Negotiated Service Agreements, and has carried out its statutory international responsibilities.Goldway has lectured on the role of women in government, Finnish culture and society, urban planning, and consumerism at universities and professional associations throughout the U.S., Europe, Australia and Japan. She was assistant to the director of California's Department of Consumer Affairs during the 1970s. She was elected council member and mayor of the city of Santa Monica from 1979-83. She helped to found California's system of statewide farmers markets and expanded citizen representation on state regulatory boards. She served as Founder and Chairperson of the Santa Monica Pier Restoration Corporation from 1983-94.Goldway served as director of public affairs at California State University, Los Angeles. From 1991 to 1994 she served as manager of public affairs for the Getty Trust, the largest arts and education foundation in the U.S.In Finland, from 1994–1997, as the then-spouse of U.S. Ambassador Derek Shearer, she authored several articles that appeared in the Finnish magazine Gloria, organized seminars on women's issues and assisted in the promotion of American products and services. Her memoirs of her experiences there, Letters from Finland, were translated and published in Finland by Otava Oy in November, 1998. In 1993, Goldway played the part of the Education Secretary in the film \"Dave\".In October 2012, Goldway received a National Consumer Excellence Award for her contributions to the protection of postal consumers from the organization Consumer Action.Born in New York City, Goldway attended the Bronx High School of Science, earned a BA from the University of Michigan and received an MA in English Literature from Wayne State University. She is on the board of TreePeople and New Visions Foundation. She is a founder and Co-Chair of Women in Logistics and Delivery Services (WILDS), a networking and mentoring organization."@en .corpus54.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Line_(Israel)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Green Line refers to the demarcation lines set out in the 1949 Armistice Agreements between the armies of Israel and those of its neighbors (Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon and Syria) after the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. The name derives from the green ink used to draw the line on the map while the armistice talks were going on. From Israel's perspective, the territories \"beyond\" the Green Line came to be designated as East Jerusalem, the West Bank, Gaza Strip, Golan Heights and Sinai Peninsula. The Green Line became especially significant in Israel after Israel captured these territories in the Six-Day War in 1967, when Israeli maps contained the Green Line. These territories have since 1967 often been referred to as Israeli occupied territories. (The Sinai Peninsula has since been returned to Egypt as part of the 1979 peace treaty.)The Green Line is not and was not intended to be a border.  The 1949 Armistice Agreements were clear (at Arab insistence) that they were not creating permanent borders. The Egyptian-Israeli agreement, for example, stated \"The Armistice Demarcation Line is not to be construed in any sense as a political or territorial boundary, and is delineated without prejudice to rights, claims and positions of either Party to the Armistice as regards ultimate settlement of the Palestine question.\" Similar provisions are contained in the Armistice Agreements with Jordan and Syria. The Agreement with Lebanon stipulated that forces shall be withdrawn to the Israel-Lebanon international border.The Green Line is often referred to as the \"pre-1967 borders\", the \"1967 borders\" by many international bodies and national leaders, including United States president Barack Obama, Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas, and by the United Nations in informal texts and in the text of UN GA Resolutions."@en .corpus55.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metacomet_Trail> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "This topic is about a footpath in Connecticut. It should not be confused with the similarly named Metacomet-Monadnock Trail of Massachusetts and New Hampshire.The Metacomet Trail is a 62.7-mile (100.9 km) Blue-Blazed hiking trail that traverses the Metacomet Ridge of central Connecticut and is a part of the newly designated 'New England National Scenic Trail'. Despite being easily accessible and close to large population centers, the trail is considered remarkably rugged and scenic. The route includes many areas of unique ecologic, historic, and geologic interest. Notable features include waterfalls, dramatic cliff faces, woodlands, swamps, lakes, river flood plain, farmland, significant historic sites, and the summits of Talcott Mountain and the Hanging Hills. The Metacomet Trail is maintained largely through the efforts of the Connecticut Forest and Park Association.On March 30, 2009 President Barack Obama signed the 'Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009' establishing the New England National Scenic Trail (and two other national scenic trails).The combination of the Metacomet, Monadnock and Mattabesett trails is also often referred to as the '3-M', 'MMM' or Metacomet-Monadnock-Mattabesett trail.  The New England National Scenic Trail includes all or almost all of the 'MMM' trails as well as the new extension trail from the southernmost point on the Mattabesett Trail through Guilford, Connecticut to the northern shore of Long Island Sound."@en .corpus55.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Chernin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter Chernin (born May 29, 1951) is an American businessman and investor. He is the chairman and CEO of The Chernin Group (TCG), which he founded in 2009. TCG manages, operates and invests in businesses in the media, entertainment, and technology sectors. Specifically, the company focuses on three areas: developing premium content for film and television, making investments in technology and media companies in the U.S., and capitalizing on strategic business opportunities in emerging markets, especially Asia. In April 2012, Chernin sold a minority stake of TCG to strategic investment partners Providence Equity Partners, a leading private equity firm, and other private investors.Chernin sits on the Boards of American Express, Twitter, Pandora and Friends of the Global Fight Against AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. He is also chairman of Malaria No More and a trustee of Malaria No More UK, non-profits dedicated to ending deaths due to malaria.In April 2013, Chernin made a bid of around $500 million for Hulu, a popular online video streaming service.Chernin has donated over $100,000 to the Democratic Party, candidates & associated organizations, as well as hosting Barack Obama at home for a fundraiser in 2013."@en .corpus55.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_District_Court_for_the_Middle_District_of_Pennsylvania> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania (in case citations, M.D. Pa.) is district level federal court with jurisdiction over approximately one half of Pennsylvania. The court was created in 1901 by subdividing the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. The court is under the jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit (except for patent claims and claims against the U.S. government under the Tucker Act, which are appealed to the Federal Circuit).Because Harrisburg, the state capital, is located within the district's jurisdiction, most suits against the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania are filed in the Middle District.  Similarly, because York County Prison served as the largest Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) facility in the Northeast, the Middle District also adjudicated a large number of immigration cases. The courts of appeal are now responsible for most judicial review of immigration decisions, bypassing the Middle District and other district courts.Judge Christopher C. Conner is the Chief Judge for the Middle District of Pennsylvania; Martin John Pane is the nominee of President Barack Obama as of June 2011 to be the United States Marshal for the Middle District of Pennsylvania."@en .corpus55.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia's_Restaurant_of_Harlem> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sylvia's Restaurant of Harlem (often called \"Sylvia's Soul Food\" or just \"Sylvia's\") is a soul food restaurant located at 328 Lenox Avenue, between 126th and 127th Streets, in Harlem, Manhattan, New York City. It was founded in 1962 by Sylvia Woods. It has since expanded to a much larger space at its present location, and an adjacent building. The restaurant also sells a line of prepared foods, beauty and skin care items, cookbooks, and a children's book written by Woods.  Woods purchased the original luncheonette by borrowing money from her mother, who had to mortgage her farm to provide it.The restaurant attracts a clientele that ranges from Harlem locals to visiting celebrities. Bill Clinton, Nelson Mandela, Caroline Kennedy, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, Magic Johnson, and Barack Obama are among those who have dined there. Sylvia's was also featured on a Manhattan-themed episode of the Travel Channel's Man v. Food in early 2009. On September 19, 2007, commentator Bill O'Reilly received criticism regarding comments he made about having lunch at Sylvia's with Al Sharpton on his syndicated radio show, commenting on how the stereotypes of African Americans were not true based on his observations at the restaurant."@en .corpus55.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Book_Festival> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The National Book Festival is an annual American event in Washington, D.C. that the Library of Congress Center for the Book has organized since 2001. Held in early autumn on the National Mall from 2003 to 2013, the event will move to theWalter E. Washington Convention Center in 2014 because the National Park Service, which has jurisdiction over the Mall, has become concerned about the damage that pedestrians have inflicted on the Mall's lawn during previous Festivals.  The 2014 event will take place on August 30, about a month earlier than previous festivals.First Lady Laura Bush hosted the Festival from 2001 to 2008. Previously, as First Lady of Texas, Mrs. Bush had helped establish the Texas Book Festival.  President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama were honorary co-chairs from 2009 to 2013.On Saturday, September 8, 2001, Mrs. Bush hosted a breakfast at the White House for participating authors, followed by the opening of the first Festival at 10 a.m. Tents were set up on the East Lawn of the United States Capitol, with both adults' and children's authors reading excerpts from their works throughout the day. A storytelling pavilion and a pavilion representing organizations involved in promoting reading and libraries were open to the public.Book-signings, book sales, and panel presentations on children's, mysteries, poetry, and children's books were held in the Library of Congress' Thomas Jefferson Building. The Library's exhibition galleries and reading rooms presented programs to inform and entertain visitors on such topics as book illustration.  A clinic was held to show visitors how to preserve family photos and documents.The 2002 Festival took place on the West Lawn of the United States Capitol.  National Park police estimated that between 40,000 and 45,000 people came to the festival, an increase from their estimate of 30,000 visitors to the 2001 Festival.In 2003, the Festival moved to the National Mall. A number of pavilions were set up on the Mall during the eleven years that the Festival took place in that National Park. Authors presented their works and signed their books at Author Pavilions.  At the Library of Congress Pavilion, visitors  experienced the inner workings of the library. The Let’s Read America Pavilion offered children events and activities related to reading. The Pavilion of the States offered visitors the opportunity to experience literary traditions from all 50 states, Washington D.C. and the U.S. territories. At the Book Sales Pavilion, visitors could purchase select book that  the authors presenting at the Festival had written.More than 200,000 people attended the 2012 Festival. In 2013, over 100 authors, illustrators, and poets received invitations to present lectures, readings, interviews, and book signings at that year's  event.Librarians from across the country are invited each year to represent their States at the Festival.  The Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS), the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities and commercial sponsors such as Target and AT&T helped provide funding for the 2012 event.Volunteers help operate the Festival.  Each volunteer makes a commitment to attend a briefing session and to work half a day (one shift) at the Festival.Publishers nominate authors to participate in the Festival each year.  Authors must be nationally known and must have published a recent work.  Authors that have won awards are preferred nominees.  On average, 300 authors are nominated but only 80 are selected to present their works."@en .corpus55.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daily_Howler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Daily Howler is an American political blog written by Bob Somerby. It was perhaps the first major political blog, started in 1998. The style is by turns earnest and sarcastic. Somerby criticizes what he considers the media's frequently biased or lazy coverage. In his view, the media frequently latch on to a generally agreed \"script\" with little regard for facts that contradict the script. For instance, in the runup to the U.S. 2000 election it was frequently said or assumed that Al Gore was untruthful, but Somerby shows that much of what supposedly underlay that script was in fact untrue, misrepresented or greatly exaggerated. He also argues that the media frequently ignore substantive issues and concentrate on trivial ones instead (in the 2000 presidential election, for example, professing bewilderment in response to the candidates' budget proposals while writing repeatedly and at length about irrelevant issues such as Gore's choice of clothes, or in 2006 writing articles about Barack Obama's middle name.) Despite being left of center in his politics, Somerby mainly critiques liberals in the U.S. mainstream media who he feels do poor journalism, such as Rachel Maddow and Keith Olbermann, both of MSNBC.The Daily Howler critiques education writing, often by analyzing badly reported data on scholastic achievement in low income or minority populations. For example, Somerby dissected a 2005 PBS \"feel good\" documentary Making Schools Work that touted the achievements in a low-income school district, showing that the showcased test score gains were neither remarkable (they were similar to average statewide score increases) nor indicative of large achievement (as evidenced by NAEP national tests).  On the other hand, journalist Robert Samuelson supported a claim that public schools have made minimal progress since 1970 by using aggregated NAEP statistics that hid the spectacular multiple grade-level increases in the achievement levels of African American students. Similarly, a Washington Post article turned Maryland's twelfth-in-the-nation average eighth-grade math score into \"last among the 50 states\" by looking at differences rather than absolute numbers. Among other frequent education themes, Somerby criticizes reporting on Teach For America and what he calls \"high-minded\" punditry.In January 2010, Somerby started a companion blog How He Got There where he is posting a book on the 2000 U.S. presidential election piece-by-piece as he writes it.Bob Somerby is also a professional stand up comic.  He has appeared on Larry King Live, with Bill Maher, Bill O'Reilly and with Brian Lamb on C-SPAN.  In college at Harvard, he was roommates with the actor Tommy Lee Jones and former Vice President Al Gore. After college he taught for twelve years in Baltimore public elementary schools."@en .corpus55.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristen_Silverberg> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kristen Silverberg (born 1970 or 1971)  was the United States Ambassador to the European Union from July 2008 until January 2009. She was nominated by President George W. Bush on April 24, 2008 and confirmed by the United States Senate on June 27, 2008. She was succeeded by William Kennard who was nominated by President Barack Obama on August 6, 2009 and confirmed by the United States Senate on November 20, 2009."@en .corpus56.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Fitz-Gerald> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joan Fitz-Gerald was a Democratic member of the Colorado Senate, representing the 16th District since 2001. She served as President of the Senate, the first woman to hold that office.Fitz-Gerald is a former chair of the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee (DLCC) with state-house Democrats picking up seats across the nation under her chairmanship.Born in New York City, New York, Joan graduated from Marymount Manhattan College with a B.A. in History and later attended Fordham Law School where she met her husband. The Fitz-Geralds moved to Colorado in 1977.Until November 2007, Fitz-Gerald represented the 16th Legislative District in the Colorado State Senate. She represented 7 counties in the Legislature: Boulder, Clear Creek, Gilpin, Jefferson and Summit. She was the chair of, and served on, the Executive Committee of Legislative Council, Legislative Council, and Senate Services. She also served on the Senate State, Veterans & Military Affairs Committee.Before serving in the State Senate, Fitz-Gerald was a county clerk. She was the first woman ever elected as Jefferson County clerk and recorder, where she pioneered the use of mail ballots.She is married to John Fitz-Gerald. The couple has two adult sons.Fitz-Gerald was considered to be one of several possible Democratic candidates for Governor of Colorado in 2006, but chose not to run.  On April 18, 2007 she announced that she would run for U.S. Congress, representing the 2nd Congressional District seat being vacated by Mark Udall, who ran for, and eventually was elected to, the U.S. Senate. On August 2, 2007 Emily's List endorsed her.In November 2007, Fitz-Gerald announced her retirement from the Colorado Senate to campaign full-time for the U.S. House. Sen. Peter Groff was elected to succeed her as Senate President, and Rep. Dan Gibbs was appointed to fill the senate vacancy left by her resignation.In August 2008, Fitz-Gerald lost to Democrat Jared Polis in one of the most watched races in the U.S. Polis - 42%, Fitz-Gerald 38% - Shafroth 20%,In November 2008, Fitz-Gerald was mentioned as a possible successor to Mike Coffman in the Colorado Secretary of State's office.In December 2008, Fitz-Gerald was mentioned as a possible successor to Ken Salazar in the U.S. Senate after Salazar was chosen by President-Elect Barack Obama for Secretary of the Interior.  After Salazar's confirmation, Michael Bennet was ultimately selected as the replacement for his Senate seat by Colorado Governor Bill Ritter."@en .corpus56.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Platt_Liebau> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carol Platt Liebau is president of the Yankee Institute for Public Policy. She is also an attorney, political analyst and conservative commentator.  Her book Prude: How the Sex-Obsessed Culture Damages Girls (and America, Too!) was published in 2007. A columnist and blogger for Townhall.com, she has also contributed to the editorial pages of The Los Angeles Times, The Washington Times, The Orange County Register, The Sacramento Bee and The St. Louis Post-Dispatch, among others. She has also written for conservative websites such as National Review Online, The American Spectator, Human Events and FrontPage Magazine.Liebau has provided analysis and commentary on national television for PBS, CNN, the Fox News Channel, and MSNBC. Liebau also serves as a substitute talk-show host for KABC radio in Southern California and for the nationally syndicated \"Hugh Hewitt Show\".A native of St. Louis, Missouri, Liebau attended Princeton University, graduating in 1989 with a degree from The Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs. She then attended Harvard Law School, where she was one year behind Barack Obamaand became the first female managing editor of the Harvard Law Review. Carol lives in the New York metropolitan area, with her husband, Jack."@en .corpus56.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Park> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alan Park (born in Scarborough, Ontario on November 5, 1962) is a Canadian comedian and political satirist best known for his appearances on the Royal Canadian Air Farce. Alan gives humorous commentary on current events. Though originally not a caricaturist as are his Farce castmates, he has developed portrayals of Canadian politicians such as Bloc Québécois leader Gilles Duceppe, Health Minister Tony Clement, Foreign Affairs minister Peter MacKay, as well as the former and Liberal leaders Stéphane Dion and Michael Ignatieff.Foreign based political portrayals include Iranian leader Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, former US defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, and U.S. president Barack Obama. Celebrity impressions include legendary folksinger Gordon Lightfoot, Boris Karloff, rock band Nickelback's front man Chad Kroeger, American stand-up comic and game show host Jeff Foxworthy, Kevin Federline, Peter O'Toole, Mick Jagger, Paul McCartney, Fred Durst and former pop superstar Cat Stevens.Park's increased workload on the program has resulted in nominations for both comedy writing as well as best male TV performance at the 2007 Canadian Comedy Awards.He has also appeared on MuchMusic's Video on Trial.He was a member of the Atheists team on CBC Test the Nation: IQ broadcast live on January 24, 2010."@en .corpus56.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Andrew> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joseph J. Andrew (born March 1, 1960) in an American politician and lawyer. He was National Chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) from 1999 to 2001. He served with DNC General Chairman Ed Rendell. Asked to serve by President Bill Clinton, Andrew became, at the age of 39, one of the youngest chairpersons in the history of the DNC. He later served as Chairman of the New Democratic Network, and in 2006 helped to found The Blue Fund, a mutual fund which invests in companies that contribute to Democratic campaigns.During the 2008 Democratic Presidential nominating contest he was one of the first to endorse Senator Hillary Clinton in November 2007. However, on May 1, 2008, he switched his endorsement from Clinton to Senator Barack Obama.An accomplished and highly regarded corporate lawyer, Joe Andrew serves as the Global Chair of the law firm SNR Denton, which launched September 30, 2010, with the combination of Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal LLP and Denton Wilde Sapte. On November 13, 2012, SNR Denton—under the leadership of Global CEO Elliott Portnoy and Global Chair Joe Andrew—formally recommended to its partners that it join leading European law firm Salans and leading Canadian law firm Fraser Milner Casgrain LLP (FMC) to become foundational members in the creation of a new top 10 international law firm. The proposed new firm, to be called Dentons, would bring together the unique strengths, experience and cultures of SNR Denton, Salans and FMC across Europe, Canada, the UK, the US, the Middle East, Central and East Asia, and Africa to create a fully integrated, polycentric global law firm.Andrew, a native of Indiana, graduated from Yale University in 1982 and Yale Law School in 1985.  He is the author of a spy novel, The Disciples, published in 1993 by Simon & Schuster, and is currently a partner and the Global Chairman at Dentons in Washington, D.C."@en .corpus56.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wynnewood_(SEPTA_station)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Wynnewood Station is a commuter rail station located in the western suburbs of Philadelphia at Wynnewood and Penn Roads in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania. It is served by most Paoli/Thorndale Line trains with the exception of several express runs.The station was built in 1870 by the Wilson Brothers architectural firm for the Pennsylvania Railroad, and is one of the historic station buildings on this line built before 1930.The ticket office at this station is open weekdays 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m and 11:45 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. (excluding holidays). There are 239 daily and permit parking spaces at the station. This station is 7.4 track miles from Suburban Station. In 2003, the average total weekday boardings at this station was 659, and the average total weekday alightings was 684.President Barack Obama held a rally at the station, on April 19, 2008 several days before the Democratic Primary in Pennsylvania. His appearance drew a crowd of approximately 6,500 people."@en .corpus57.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia's_2nd_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "West Virginia's 2nd congressional district stretches from the Ohio River border with Ohio to the Potomac River border with Maryland and the border with Virginia. It includes the capital city of Charleston and the rapidly growing residential communities of West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle and Potomac Highlands regions connected by a narrow strip of nearly unpopulated counties. It has been accurately described as 20 miles wide and 300 miles long.The district is currently represented by Alex Mooney, a Republican.West Virginia had four Congressional seats from 1973 to 1993. Previously, much of the western portion of the current 2nd District had been the 3rd District, based in Charleston. The eastern portion of the district had been the 2nd District, anchored in Martinsburg and Morgantown. From 1983 to 1993, the 2nd District's congressman was Democrat Harley \"Buckey\" Staggers, Jr.. When West Virginia lost a seat following the 1990 Census, the state legislature divided Staggers's district among the remaining three districts. Much of Staggers's old territory was merged with the 3rd District, represented by five-term Democrat Bob Wise and renumbered the 2nd. However, Staggers's home in Mineral County wound up in the 1st District, where he was routed in the Democratic primary by Alan Mollohan. Wise represented the new district until 2000, when he ran for and won West Virginia's governorship.  Following the 2010 Census, Mason County was transferred to the 3rd District, which changed the character of the district only slightly.  This change took effect for the 2012 election.The district is very expensive to campaign in, because six counties on the district's eastern fringe are in the very expensive Washington, D.C. television market. The two main parts, Charleston and the Eastern Panhandle, have very little in common and very little interaction.The district is slightly more conservative and prosperous than the rest of the state. It also shares West Virginia's tendency to give congressmen long tenures in Washington. The 2000 election that resulted in Capito's victory marked the first open-seat race in the district since 1945. The old 2nd District had only five congressmen from 1933 until its elimination in 1993.George W. Bush carried the district twice in 2000 with 54% of the vote and in 2004 with 57% of the vote. John McCain also won the district in 2008 with 54.63% of the vote while Barack Obama received 43.77%."@en .corpus57.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia's_1st_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "West Virginia's 1st congressional district is located in the northern part of the state. It is the most regularly drawn of the state's three districts.It includes the industrial Rust Belt area of the state's northern panhandle which includes the district's third largest city, Wheeling, as well as Fairmont, Clarksburg, and the college town of Morgantown, the home of the main campus of West Virginia University. The largest city in the district is Parkersburg; the second largest is Morgantown. It also includes many rural farm and timber producing areas.  The district has almost no population change reported in the 2010 Census change relative to the other 2 districts, as growth around Morgantown and Parkersburg offset population loss elsewhere, and the district was carried over unchanged for the next ten year cycle.The district is currently represented by David McKinley, a Republican who has represented the district since 2011.West Virginia has tended to give its congressmen long tenures in Washington, and the 1st District is no exception. Only four men have represented the district since 1953: Bob Mollohan (D) (1953–1957), former Governor Arch Moore, Jr. (R) (1957–1969), Bob Mollohan again (1969–1983), Alan Mollohan (1983–2011) and McKinley.Despite the lack of turnover in the congressional seat, the 1st is not considered safe for either party.  The cities are Democratic strongholds, while the rural areas are much more conservative and have a tendency to swing Republican more often.  State legislators are roughly equally split between both parties.While the district and state as a whole has been very Democratic, West Virginia Democrats tend to be somewhat more socially conservative than their counterparts in the rest of the nation, and the district has been swept up in the growing Republican trend in the state at the national level. No Democrat since Bill Clinton (who did so by a plurality in a three way race) has carried the 1st District in presidential elections. George W. Bush carried the district both times in 2000 with 54% of the vote and 2004 with 58% of the vote. John McCain carried the district in 2008 with 56.77% of the vote while Barack Obama received 41.51%."@en .corpus57.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Burgi> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chuck Burgi (born August 15, 1952) is an American drummer and session musician. He is the second and current drummer for The Billy Joel Band. Born in Montclair, New Jersey, he has performed with many rock bands and musicians, ranging from local New Jersey/New York-area artists to international groups, throughout his prolific career.After having performed on several album sessions, Burgi experienced early mainstream success with his band, Balance in the early 1980s.  This group also featured Peppy Castro, Bob Kulick, Dennis Feldman and noted arranger and keyboardist Doug Katsaros. The group scored a top-25 hit on the U.S. singles chart with \"Breaking Away\" in 1981.  Although the song was recorded before Burgi joined the group, he had joined in time to record Balance's follow-up album, In for the Count.Burgi has played and toured with Al Di Meola, Hall and Oates, Joe Lynn Turner, Brand X, Rainbow (twice), Blue Öyster Cult, Meat Loaf, Fandango and Enrique Iglesias and has recorded with numerous other artists, including Michael Bolton, Glen Burtnik, Bon Jovi and Diana Ross.Burgi was a member of the on-stage band in the Twyla Tharp - Billy Joel hit musical Movin' Out during the entire 3½ year run on Broadway.Recent recordings include Billy Joel's live CD 12 Gardens Live and the 2007 Joel-penned single, \"Christmas in Fallujah\", exclusive to iTunes. Since November 2005, Chuck has been Joel's drummer, touring extensively, including 12 record breaking shows at New York's Madison Square Garden in 2006, 2008's double night \"Last Play at Shea\" and the October 2008 New York Springsteen/Joel benefit for Barack Obama at the Hammerstein Ballroom.He is the brother of actor Richard Burgi."@en .corpus57.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Tacoma,_Tacoma,_Washington> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "North Tacoma (also called the North End) is a neighborhood in Tacoma, Washington, in the United States.The North End of Tacoma has informal and formal boundaries. Informally, the generally accepted boundaries of the North End are 6th Avenue and Division Avenue to the south and Puget Sound to the north, west, and east. Although the independent city of Ruston is not legally a part of the city of Tacoma, most residents of Ruston self-identify as being from Tacoma and it is considered acceptable for someone from Ruston to refer to the area as the \"north end.\" Because Division Avenue does not run down the ridge above it and thus does not cross it, Schuster Parkway lacks a defined border between the north and south ends. However, this area is not populated, and extrapolating Division Avenue gives a good sense of where the area ends. Formally, the city has designations for each of the eight neighborhoods which are represented by neighborhood councils. These designations are not generally known, but they are marked on city streets by special signs. For the North End, 6th Ave forms the boundary on the south and southeast to 4th St., Puget Sound which runs NE to North, 46th St. on the North to Huson, and back down to 6th on the South. While much of the West End and some the Central District (especially the Stadium area) are identified with the informal boundaries of the North End, the City of Tacoma identifies these area as separate for purposes of representation and planning. The main commercial areas are along 6th Ave and in the Proctor District, both of which convey a sense of a small town within a larger city. The 6th Ave. corridor, which is shared on its South side with the Central District has many fine independent restaurants and trendy hangouts which the Proctor District has a variety of shops, many of which are also independent and which meet many of the shopping needs of North End residents. Relative to the rest of Tacoma, the north end is wealthier, being solidly middle class. Although the area has a traditional heritage of lower middle class residents such as fisherman, gentrification has resulted in increasing house prices. However, as evidenced by commute time figures from the 2000 Census, most residents of the north end still work in Tacoma. An unusual number of people in the area work in the fields of education, health, social, and human services. The population is also more educated than average, with just short of a quarter possessing a graduate or professional degree.  North Tacoma is, behind Northeast Tacoma, the second wealthiest part of the city.The waterfront, especially around Old Tacoma, is increasingly an expensive place to live, although there are still a few moderately-priced apartments around the Tacoma Narrows Bridge.North Tacoma votes heavily Democratic on federal, state, and local areas, with all precincts giving sizeable victories to John Kerry in the 2004 Presidential election, Barack Obama in 2008, and U.S. Senator Patty Murray in 2010.  North Tacoma -- particularly the area surrounding the University of Puget Sound -- is one of the most Democratic parts of the city."@en .corpus57.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont_Square,_Los_Angeles> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Vermont Square is a 2.54-square-mile, low-income neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, within the South Los Angeles area. It is notable for its dense concentration of residents, their youthful age range, their high ratio of single to married parents and their low median household income. It is the site of Manual Arts High School and the Barack Obama Global Preparatory Academy."@en .corpus58.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Poe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Marshall Tillbrook Poe (born December 29, 1961) is an American historian, writer, editor and founder of the New Books Network, an online collection of podcast interviews with a wide range of non-fiction authors. He has taught Russian, European, Eurasian and World history at various universities including Harvard, Columbia, and, most recently, the University of Iowa. He has also taught courses on new media and online collaboration.Poe is the author or editor of a number of books on early modern Russia. He has also published A History of Communications: Media and Society from the Evolution of Speech to the Internet, a book that examines how various communications media shape social practices and values.In 2005, Poe founded the now-defunct MemoryArchive, a universal wiki-type archive of contemporary memoirs. It encouraged people to contribute written accounts of their personal memories that would be part of a searchable, online database. There he contributed numerous personal accounts of his own, from playing basketball with Barack Obama, to stumbling onto a crime scene of Dennis Rader's, the BTK serial killer.In 2006, Poe wrote an influential commentary on Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia, while serving as a writer, researcher and editor at the The Atlantic magazine."@en .corpus58.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Political_Machine> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Political Machine is a government simulation game from Stardock and the first game in the Political Machine series, in which the player leads a campaign to elect the President of the United States. The player accomplishes this goal by traveling from state to state and engaging in a variety of activities to either raise money or raise poll numbers.Each game starts with the selection of a pre-created candidate or creation of a fictional candidate from one of the two major American political parties, the Republican Party and the Democratic Party.Headquarters and fundraisers are possible, the effectiveness of which depends on various factors.When enough money is accumulated the player can  \"invest\" it in advertisements (either through newspapers, radio, or TV media). The effectiveness of these ads are determined by several factors. An ad supporting tax cuts will work better with Republican Texas than with Democratic Massachusetts.A key factor in the game is the concept of \"Stamina\" and \"Turns.\" In each turn (representing one week), a candidate has a set amount of stamina to engage in activities. For example, establishing or upgrading a campaign HQ costs more stamina than creating a newspaper ad.A sequel, The Political Machine 2008, was released June 16, 2008, with new characters introduced, such as Barack Obama and John McCain.[1]A second sequel, The Political Machine 2012, was released July 31, 2012, with new characters introduced, such as Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum."@en .corpus58.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Power> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Samantha Power (born September 21, 1970) is an Irish-born American academic, author and diplomat who currently serves as the United States Ambassador to the United Nations.Power began her career by covering the Yugoslav Wars as a journalist. From 1998 to 2002 Power served as the Founding Executive Director of the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government, where she later served as the Anna Lindh Professor of Practice of Global Leadership and Public Policy. She was a senior adviser to Senator Barack Obama until March 2008, when she resigned from his presidential campaign after apologizing for referring to then Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton as \"a monster\".Power joined the Obama State Department transition team in late November 2008, and was named Special Assistant to President Obama and Senior Director for Multilateral Affairs and Human Rights on the National Security Council—responsible for running the Office of Multilateral Affairs and Human Rights—positions that she held from January 2009 to March 2013. In April 2012, Obama chose her to chair a newly formed Atrocities Prevention Board. During her time in office, Power's office focused on such issues as the reform of the UN; the promotion of women's rights and LGBT rights; the promotion of religious freedom and the protection of religious minorities; the protection of refugees; the campaign against human trafficking; and the promotion of human rights and democracy, including in the Middle East and North Africa, Sudan, and Burma. She is considered to be a key figure within the Obama administration in persuading the president to intervene militarily in Libya. As of 2014, she is listed as the 63rd most powerful woman in the world by Forbes.Power has written or co-edited four books, including the Pulitzer Prize-winning A Problem from Hell: America and the Age of Genocide, a study of the U.S. foreign policy response to genocide."@en .corpus58.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Scouts_of_America_membership_controversies> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Boy Scouts of America (BSA), one of the largest private youth organizations in the United States, has policies which prohibit atheists, agnostics and, until January 2014, prohibited all \"open or avowed\" homosexuals,  from membership in its Scouting program.  The ban on \"open or avowed\" homosexual adults from membership remains in effect.  BSA has denied or revoked membership status or leadership positions for violation of these foundational principles. The BSA contends that its policies are essential in its mission to instill in young people the values of the Scout Oath and Law.The organization's legal right to have these policies has been upheld repeatedly by both state and federal courts. In Boy Scouts of America v. Dale, the Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that as a private organization, the BSA can set its own membership standards. The BSA's policies have been legally challenged but have not been found to constitute illegal discrimination because as a private organization in the United States, the BSA has the right to freedom of association, as determined in the court case.  In recent years, the policy disputes have led to litigation over the terms under which the BSA can access governmental resources, including public lands.These policies have led to various disputes and controversies. In 2012, both Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and then President Barack Obama stated that they opposed the ban on gay Scouts.  On May 23, 2013, the BSA's National Council approved a resolution to remove the restriction denying membership to youth on the basis of sexual orientation alone effective January 1, 2014. The policy for adult leaders remains in place: \"[BSA does] not grant membership to [adults] who are open or avowed homosexuals\"."@en .corpus58.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_approval_rating> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "In the United States, presidential job approval ratings were introduced by George Gallup in the late 1930s (probably 1937) to gauge public support for the President of the United States during his term. An approval rating is a percentage determined by a polling which indicates the percentage of respondents to an opinion poll who approve of a particular person or program. Typically, an approval rating is given to a political figure based on responses to a poll in which a sample of people are asked whether they approve or disapprove of that particular political figure. A typical question might ask:\"Do you approve or disapprove of the way Barack Obama is handling his job as President?\"Like most surveys that predict public opinion, the approval rating is subjective. Many unscientific approval rating systems exist that skew popular opinion. However, the approval rating is generally accepted as a statistically valid indicator of the comparative changes in the popular US mood regarding a president."@en .corpus58.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miri_Ben-Ari> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Miri Ben-Ari (Hebrew: מירי בן-ארי‎) (born December 4, 1978 in Tel Aviv, Israel) is an Israeli-born American violinist. She currently resides in the United States.Ben-Ari grew up playing classical music; she started training at age 5 and at age 12, she was presented with a violin by Isaac Stern. During her mandatory Israeli military service, she was chosen to play for the Israeli Army String Quartet. During her stint in the Israeli military, she heard an album by Charlie Parker and immediately fell in love with jazz; she later said \"My soul was sold.\" Following her service, she moved from Israel to New York  in hopes of using her classical training on stage and attended the Jazz department at The New School, but was expelled after two semesters due to poor attendance caused by Ben-Ari playing gigs to pay the rent.She released her first solo CD Sahara in 1999.Her persistence earned her an appearance on BET's 106 & Park; the viewer response netted her a return visit a few weeks later. Her performances caught the eye of Jay-Z, who invited her to play as one of the headliners of New York radio station Hot 97's annual Summer Jam concert in 2001, where she netted a standing ovation. Around the same time, a mutual friend introduced Ben-Ari to Wyclef Jean, who invited her to perform with him at his Carnegie Hall show, the first by a hip-hop artist at the venue.In 2003, she released her second CD Temple of Beautiful, and followed that up with a live CD the following year entitled Live at the Blue Note.She won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Song in 2005 as one of the co-writers of Kanye West's Jesus Walks. In 2005, she released her fourth CD and first to focus on hip-hop style, entitled The Hip-Hop Violinist. As part of the promotion for it, she was part of Reebok's \"I Am What I Am\" global advertising campaign; Reebok was also part of the video for the first single from the CD, \"We Gonna Win\".In 2006, she co-founded Gedenk (Yiddish for \"remember\"), an organization dedicated to promoting education about the Holocaust in the United States.In 2007 she received the International Jewish Woman To Watch of 2007 Award and in 2008 she received the “2008 Israel Film Festival Visionary Award,” \"The Jewish Federation\" award and \"the American Society for Yad Vashem\" Award.In 2009, she released Symphony of Brotherhood, an instrumental track featuring Martin Luther King's I Have a Dream speech. In part due to the song, she received the first Martin Luther King, Jr. Israeli Award in January 2008 at a ceremony hosted by the President of Israel, Shimon Peres.In March 2011 Ben-Ari was invited to the White House by Michelle Obama as part of a Women's History Month celebration, to perform and to be honored as a \"remarkabe Woman\". In July 2011 she performed at the 2011 Miss Universe China pageant. and in October 2011 she performed at the Martin Luther King Jr. Presidential memorial dedication in Washington, DC.In 2011, she was named by Ynet as one of the 10 most influential Israelis in America.In 2012, Ben-Ari was invited to perform for U.S. President Barack Obama.In 2013 she was appointed as “Goodwill Ambassador of Music” at the United Nations Association-Brazil.In 2013 she was featured in the trance song Intense by DJ Armin Van Buuren. The track is the title track of the new album Intense and was chosen as the \"Tune of the year 2013\" by A State Of TranceMiri Ben-Ari is signed with the Harman Kardon brand as a Beautiful Sound artist to be featured globally in advertisements and in special appearances as an ambassador for the Harman Kardon “Beautiful Sound” brand campaign.In 2014 She was honored with the “Aviv Award” by The America-Israel Cultural Foundation 75th Anniversary Gala at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, hosted by Itzhak Perlman and introduced by Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop and CEO of Harman International Dinesh Paliwal.Ben-Ari partnered on behalf of “Gedenk”, with Scholastic Arts & Writing to launch the second year of the “Gedenk Award for Tolerance” campaign. She is a featured blogger for the Huffington Post and was chosen by Mako and Ynet as one of the top ten most influential Israelis now living in the United States."@en .corpus59.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Beer_Press> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Small Beer Press is a publisher of fantasy and literary fiction, based in Northampton, Massachusetts. It was founded by Gavin Grant and Kelly Link in 2000 and publishes novels, collections, and anthologies. It also publishes the zine Lady Churchill's Rosebud Wristlet, chapbooks, the Peapod Classics line of classic reprints, and limited edition printings of certain titles. The Press has often been acknowledged for spearheading a genre described as \"new wave fabulism\" and praised for its children and young-adult publications, though it is also recognized as a leading small-publisher of literary science-fiction and fantasy.According to the Press' website: \"Small Beer Press books have: won the Philip K. Dick Award; sold reprint rights to the UK, Finland, Japan, Turkey, Hungary, Latin America, Romania, Russia, and Italy; been nominated for the Impac Prize and finalists for the Story Prize, Nebula, and World Fantasy Awards; been chosen as best of the year by Booklist, Time Magazine, Salon, Village Voice, the San Francisco Chronicle, and Locus among others; been reprinted by Penguin and iBooks; been Book Sense picks; been excerpted on Salon.com; and have received starred reviews in Booklist, Publishers Weekly, and Library Journal\". Authors published to date include Kate Wilhelm, John Crowley, Sean Stewart, Maureen McHugh, Benjamin Rosenbaum, Kelly Link, Carol Emshwiller, Ray Vukcevich, Joan Aiken, Howard Waldrop, Ellen Kushner, John Kessel, and Alan DeNiro.Small Beer Press is also known for its political liberalism, releasing many of its publications in both print and Creative Commons-licensed electronic format and during the 2008 Presidential race donating 20% of their October sales to Barack Obama's campaign. In a 2008 interview with the Los Angeles Times, Gavin Grant said, \"I am an immigrant and small-business owner who is very interested in immigration, health insurance issues, tax plans and so on, and I support Obama\"."@en .corpus6.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Albright> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Madeleine Jana Korbel Albright (born Marie Jana Korbelová on May 15, 1937) is a Czechoslovakian-born American politician and diplomat. She is the first woman to have become the United States Secretary of State. She was nominated by U.S. President Bill Clinton on December 5, 1996, and was unanimously confirmed by a U.S. Senate vote of 99–0. She was sworn in on January 23, 1997.Albright currently serves as a professor of International Relations at Georgetown University's Walsh School of Foreign Service. She holds a PhD from Columbia University and numerous honorary degrees. In May 2012, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by U.S. President Barack Obama. Secretary Albright also serves as a director on the board of the Council on Foreign Relations.Albright is fluent in English, French, Russian, and Czech; she speaks and reads Polish and Serbo-Croatian as well."@en .corpus60.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fouad_Mahmoud_al_Rabiah> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Fouad Mahmoud al Rabiah (born on June 24, 1959) is a Kuwaiti, who was held in the United States Guantanamo Bay detainment camps, in Cuba from May 2002 to Dec 2009.Al Rabia's Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 551.Al Rabia was an executive with Kuwait's national airline before his wrongful arrest and extradition. He had studied in the United States, and described himself as an America-phile. He is also a philanthropist, along with members of his family, and they regularly followed-up to observed in person the charitable enterprises they donated to.  He had routinely made preliminary and follow-up field trips to check on projects they had donated to.  In 2001 he described traveling to Afghanistan, for charitable purposes.Al Rabia was to face charges in 2008 before a Guantanamo military commission but all charges were dropped in 2009.In September 2009 Al Rabia's  habeas corpus petition concluded, and US District Court Judge ordered that he be released \"forthwith\". That release occurred on December 9, 2009. Al Rabiah's lawyers called on President Barack Obama to apologise on behalf of the United States and provide \"appropriate compensation\" to al Rabiah for his ordeal."@en .corpus60.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Medina-Mora_Icaza> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Eduardo Tomás Medina-Mora Icaza (born 30 January 1957 in Mexico City) is a Mexican lawyer who served as Attorney-General in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón from 1 December 2006 to 7 September 2009 and as Secretary of Public Safety from 2005 to 2006 in the cabinet of President Vicente Fox. He previously served as head of the Center for Research and National Security (CISEN) from December 2000 to September 2005.In 2009 President Calderon sent to the upper house of the Congress the designation of Medina-Mora as Mexican Ambassador to the United Kingdom;  Medina-Mora was confirmed by the Senate as Ambassador on 12 November 2009 with 84 votes in his favour and 7 abstentions.  No votes against his designation were received.On 23 February 2010, Medina-Mora presented his credentials to Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace accrediting him as Mexico's representative to the United Kingdom. The Ambassador attended the ceremony accompanied by his wife, Laura and officials from the Mexican Embassy.Medina-Mora is currently the Mexican ambassador to the United States presenting his credentials to President Barack Obama on 14 January 2013. He is also a member of the advisory board for the Mexico Institute."@en .corpus60.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Refuge_drilling_controversy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The question of whether to drill for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) has been an ongoing political controversy in the United States since 1977. The issue has been used by both Democrats and Republicans as a political device, especially through contentious election cycles, and has been the subject of much debate in the National media.ANWR comprises 19,000,000 acres (77,000 km2) of the north Alaskan coast.The land is situated between the Beaufort Sea to the north, Brooks Range to the south, and Prudhoe Bay to the west. It is the largest protected wilderness in the United States and was created by Congress under the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act of 1980. Section 1002 of that act deferred a decision on the management of oil and gas exploration and development of 1,500,000 acres (6.1×109 m2) in the coastal plain, known as the \"1002 area\". The controversy surrounds drilling for oil in this subsection of ANWR.Much of the debate over whether to drill in the 1002 area of ANWR rests on the amount of economically recoverable oil, as it relates to world oil markets, weighed against the potential harm oil exploration might have upon the natural wildlife, in particular the calving ground of the Porcupine caribou.President Barack Obama has proposed to declare an additional 5 million acres of the refuge as a wilderness area, which would put a total of 12.8 million acres of the refuge permanently off-limits to drilling or other development, including the coastal plain where oil exploration has been sought."@en .corpus60.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_James_Gates> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sylvester James Gates, Jr. (born December 15, 1950), known as S. James Gates, Jr, or Jim Gates, is an American theoretical physicist, known for work on supersymmetry, supergravity, and superstring theory. He is currently the  Professor of Physics at the University of Maryland, College Park, a University of Maryland Regents Professor and serves on President Barack Obama's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology."@en .corpus61.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Bueler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tim Bueler (born 1987) is a media and political consultant and is currently  serving as the Director of Media Relations for the Minuteman Project, an immigration reform advocacy group.Radio station KLAV in Las Vegas, briefly aired “Tim Bueler’s Conservative Report”. Bueler spoke about current issues and offered advice to callers.Bueler traveled to yomama with his media client, Jerome Corsi, to launch Corsi's book \"The Obama Nation\" which alleges secret ties between Barack Obama and Kenyan leaders. Bueler and Corsi were detained on October 7, 2008, by Kenyan immigration officials and police just before the commencement of an a press conference.They were eventually deported."@en .corpus61.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminary_Co-op> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Seminary Cooperative Bookstores, Inc., founded in 1961, is a cooperative bookstore with three branches in Chicago. Its flagship, known colloquially as the Seminary Co-op or simply the Sem Co-op, is located at 5751 S. Woodlawn Avenue.  Prior to October 2012, it was located a block away in the basement of the Chicago Theological Seminary, next to the campus of the University of Chicago, and stocked the largest selection of academic volumes in the United States throughout an extensive maze of shelves.The Co-op also operates 57th Street Books, also in the Hyde Park neighborhood, which stocks popular volumes, and the Newberry Library Bookstore, which sells books, cards, and gifts on Chicago's North Side. The Seminary Cooperative Bookstores sell shares of stock for $10 each; a purchase of three shares constitutes a membership, which provides a 10% discount.  Profits are typically reinvested into the Co-op's reserve funds, as distribution of profits would be negligible.The Co-op's reputation was so great that Columbia University invited manager Jack Cella to either open a branch in New York City or leave and open a new store there. Until the university gained its own neighborhood academic bookstore in the late 1990s, many Columbia scholars ordered books from the Co-op. Currently, the Co-op has over 53,000 members, 3,500 of whom are located overseas.  The following countries have at least 100 members: Japan, the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, and Australia.  The following countries have at least 50 members: Taiwan, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy, Israel, Hong Kong, France, Brazil, and Korea.  Other nations with significant membership include Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Ireland, India, and Argentina.In 2007, the Co-op did more than $5,000,000 in sales, achieving a net profit of $20,173.In September 2008, the Co-op launched The Front Table, a web magazine for book lovers and Co-op members. Barack Obama's patronage of the bookstore garnered attention in the wake of his election."@en .corpus61.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_School_in_London> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The American School in London is an international, private, independent K-12 school in St John's Wood, London, England for students aged between 4 and 18 years. Established in 1951 by journalist Stephen Eckard, it is the oldest American school in the city and the only non-profit American school in England. As of September 2006, the school has an enrollment of 1,344 students.ASL is situated on 3.5 acres (14,000 m2) in central London, and maintains 21 acres (85,000 m2) of playing fields nearby.The school follows an American structure and is organised into three departments: the lower, middle and high schools. Although the majority of students hold Americancitizenship, the school has a strong international flavour with over 50 countries represented. The school functions as an important cultural centre for American families in London and maintains close links with the American Embassy.The American School in London welcomed U.S. President Barack Obama for a visit during the 2008-2009 school year.ASL has been reviewed by the online Good Schools Guide International.A 2013 Ofsted (Office for Standards in Education, a British Government department) inspection report found that ASL was outstanding in all fields. The school has a reputation as being one of the most selective institutions based on admissions."@en .corpus61.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilberto_Dimenstein> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gilberto Dimenstein (born August 28, 1956 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian journalist. He is currently a columnist at the newspaper Folha de S.Paulo, of which he is also a member of the editorial council. He also keeps a column at CBN radio.Dimestein has published many works regarding human, children'a and youth rights, besides works on citizenship.For 2011 he was a Fellow at Harvard's Advanced Leadership Initiative, where he worked in partnership with researchers at the Media Lab of MIT on an Internet program to help cities transform themselves into learning communities (Open City Labs, known as \"Catraca Livre\" (Free Turnstile) in Brazil).Dimenstein started his career at Shalom, a magazine dedicated to the Jewish community. Subsequently, he worked in Veja, Jornal do Brasil, Correio Braziliense, Última Hora.For his reporting on social issues and his experiences with educational projects, Gilberto Dimenstein was named by Época magazine in 2007 as one of the hundred most influential figures in the country. Among the many awards he has won are the National Award for Human Rights along with D. Paulo Evaristo Arns, the Criança e Paz Award from UNICEF, McArthur Foundation grant to  investigate the sexual exploitation of children and Honorable Mention for the Maria Moors Cabot Award from Columbia University School of Journalism in New York. He also won the Esso prize twice (main category in 1988 and Political Information in 1989, both when working at Folha de S.Paulo ) and the 1994 Jabuti prize for best non-fiction book with O Cidadão de Papel.Dimenstein was one of the creators of Andi (News Agency for Children’s Rights), which is circulated in Brazil and several countries in Latin America. In 2009, a document prepared at Harvard Business School, named him as an example of community innovation for his neighborhood-school project initially developed in São Paulo and replicated across the country. The text was sent to U.S. president Barack Obama."@en .corpus61.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Rob> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chris Rob is an American musician, native to Chicago and currently resides in Brooklyn, New York City. His twist of jazz and cool funk can be witnessed firsthand on the new Leon Ware release \"Moon Ride\" with the lead single, 'Smoovin', which Chris produced for the industry heavyweight.  Chris has made several accomplishments like, opening act at the pre-Grammy brunch sponsored by attorney Londell McMillan and the Artist Empowerment Coalition. He was also featured on both the ASCAP and BMI showcases in lower Manhattan. Chris' first love is playing live and connecting with the audience. You've probably seen him hyping up the audience in the video for 'So High' from John Legend's \"Live at The House of Blues\" DVD.  While on tour as the keyboardist and backup vocalist, he also took on the position of musical director for John Legend's 'Get Lifted' Tour.Chris Rob was tapped to perform in Washington D.C. for President Barack Obama's inauguration festivities. In addition to his own solo shows, he directs the stage for classic hip hop artists including Pete Rock & CL Smooth, Black Moon, and The Real Live Show. He also collaborates heavily with producers like DJ Spinna (Stevie Wonder) and Devo Springsteen (Britney Spears), makes club hits including his most recent dance single 'Ghetto People' with co-writer and producer DJ Ian Friday. Chris toured with Atlantic Records' artist Laura Izibor as well as his own older brother, actor/comedian Craig Robinson (NBC's \"The Office\").His additional stage credits as opening act and supporting musician include Stevie Wonder, Prince & the New Power Generation, Elton John, Snoop Dogg, John Mayer, Ashford & Simpson, Jill Scott, The Roots, The Black Eyed Peas, Alicia Keys, Barry Manilow, Roberta Flack, Common, Michelle N'degeocello, Cee-Lo Green, Anthony Hamilton, Patti Austin, and Pevin Everett. His television appearances include The Grammy Awards, \"Oprah\", \"The Tonight Show with Jay Leno\", \"The Office\", \"Late Night with Conan O'Brien\", \"The Ellen DeGeneres Show\", \"Jimmy Kimmel Live!\", The Soul Train Awards, \"Entertainment Tonight\", \"Raaymond is Laat\" (Amsterdam), \"Top of the Pops\" (Amsterdam, London), and Jules Holland (London)."@en .corpus61.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budget_Enforcement_Act_of_1990> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 (Pub.L. 101–508, title XIII; 104 Stat. 1388-573; codified as amended at scattered sections of 2 U.S.C. & 15 U.S.C. § 1022) was enacted by the United States Congress as title XIII of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 to enforce the deficit reduction accomplished by that law and revise the budget control process of the Federal Government. The Act created two new budget control processes: a set of caps on annually-appropriated spending, and a \"pay-as-you-go\" or \"PAYGO\" process for entitlements and taxes.  The law departed from the fixed deficit targets of the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Balanced Budget Act and imposed no penalty if the deficit for a given year grew outside the Office of Management and Budget \"Snapshot\" or deficit estimate, provided this budget growth was out of Congress' control.From the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990:Title XIII: Budget Enforcement - Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 - Subtitle A: Amendments to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and Related Amendments - Part I: Amendments to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 - Amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act) to provide for the enforcement of the deficit reduction assumed in House Concurrent Resolution 310 (101st Congress) and the deficit targets for FY 1991 through 1995. Requires enforcement to be implemented through sequestration applied in the following order: (1) discretionary spending levels assumed in such resolution; (2) the requirement that legislation increasing spending or decreasing revenues be on a pay-as-you-go basis; and (3) the deficit targets specially set forth in the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974.Authorizes the President to invoke sequestration within 15 calendar days after the Congress ends a session to eliminate a budget-year breach within any category. Establishes a procedure for within-session sequestration. Sets forth the methods of adjusting discretionary spending limits.Sets forth sequestration procedures to enforce pay-as-you-go requirements and deficit targets.Rescinds the FY 1991 sequester and restores the sequestered amounts.Revises the timetable for sequestration reports and orders.Suspends sequestration procedures in the event of war or low growth. The act has since been extended several times, most recently with the Balanced Budget Act of 1997.  It expired in 2002, but the Democratic Majority adopted some of its principles, known as PAYGO, or Pay-As-You-Go, in their rules during the 110th Congress.  This was passed as H. RES. 6on January 4, 2007. Barack Obama enshrined some of these principles into law when he signed the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 on February 12, 2010. Like the BEA, this law brought back the requirement that the Administration send up a Constitutionally valid sequester order to Congress if Congress increases mandatory spending or decreases taxes in a way that, on net, increases the deficit. However, like the 2007 House rule, this law lacked in Gramm-Rudman's discretionary spending caps and so was considerably less powerful as a check on appropriated discretionary spending."@en .corpus61.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menteng> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Menteng is a subdistrict of Central Jakarta, one of the administrative city which forms the special capital territory of Jakarta, Indonesia.The subdistrict is best known as the location of the Menteng residential area, a new urban design developed in the 1910s to become a residential area for Dutch people and high officials. Supported by easy access to service centers and nearby to the central business district, this area has become one of the most expensive areas for residential real estate in Jakarta. Several important people such as former president Suharto take up residence in Menteng. The President of the United States Barack Obama spent his childhood in Menteng, attending local schools including Besuki Public School and St. Francis of Assisi School.Menteng Subdistrict is located to the south of Merdeka Square. It is roughly bounded by Kebon Sirih Road to the north, a canal to the west, the canal Kali Malang to the south, and the river Ciliwung to the east.Menteng Subdistrict is served by several railway stations (e.g. Gondangdia Station, Sudirman Station, Cikini Station, and Mampang Station. Mohammad Husni Thamrin Road is the main artery of Jakarta, which lies on the west part of Menteng Subdistrict."@en .corpus61.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Wilshire_Hotel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Beverly Wilshire Hotel is a historic hotel located at 9500 Wilshire Boulevard on the east side of South Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, California.  It was constructed by real estate developer Walter G. McCarty on the site of the former Beverly Hills Speedway. It was completed in 1928 (when the city had fewer than 18,000 residents), and was then known as the \"Beverly Wilshire Apartment Hotel\". The E-shaped structure is built of a special Tuscan stone and Carrara marble in the Italian Renaissance architecture style. Since 2006, Wolfgang Puck has operated the restaurant \"Cut\" in the hotel. Renamed the Beverly Wilshire Hotel by new owners, it was renovated with a ballroom in the 1940s to accommodate the popular big bands of the day. An Olympic-sized swimming pool was built and championship tennis courts were added, with tennis champion Pancho Gonzalez as tennis director.The hotel changed hands in 1958 and again in 1961, when it was purchased by a group of investors headed by Hernando Courtright.The singer Elvis Presley and later the actor Warren Beatty lived several years in the hotel. It was also the home of John Lennon, when he had separated for several months from his wife Yoko Ono.The American socialite and Woolworth department store heiress Barbara Hutton spent her last years in near poverty and poor health in the hotel and died there in May 1979.Acquired by Regent International Hotels in 1985, the 395-room luxury hotel has been managed by Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts since 1992.Famous guests have included, among many others, President Barack Obama, the Emperor of Japan Hirohito, the Dalai Lama and Sadruddin Aga Khan, as well as the actors Michael Caine, Michael Douglas, Farrah Fawcett, Dustin Hoffman, Anjelica Huston, Elton John, Robert Pattinson, Walter Matthau, Banu Alkan,, and Al Pacino.The Beverly Wilshire was the primary filming location for the 1990 movie Pretty Woman.The Beverly Wilshire was a common filming location for HBO's Entourage television series, with cast and crew filming there at least three times per season when it was produced from 2004 until 2011."@en .corpus62.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemic_Preparedness_and_Response_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Pandemic Preparedness and Response Act is a bill introduced on October 5, 2005 by U.S. Senators Harry Reid, Evan Bayh, Dick Durbin, Ted Kennedy, Barack Obama, and Tom Harkin in response to the growing threat of an outbreak of avian influenza. The bill calls for:Preparing for a pandemic by finalizing, implementing and funding pandemic preparedness and response plans.Improving surveillance and international partnerships to monitor the spread of avian flu and detect the emergence of a flu strain with pandemic potential immediately.Protecting Americans through the development, production and distribution of an effective vaccine.Planning ahead for a pandemic by stockpiling antivirals, vaccines and other essential medications and supplies.Strengthening the public health infrastructure.Increasing awareness and education about pandemic flu.Devoting adequate resources to pandemic preparedness. ([1])\"This bill never became law. This bill was proposed in a previous session of Congress. Sessions of Congress last two years, and at the end of each session all proposed bills and resolutions that haven't passed are cleared from the books. Members often reintroduce bills that did not come up for debate under a new number in the next session. ... Sometimes the text of one bill or resolution is incorporated into another, and in those cases the original bill or resolution, as it would appear here, would seem to be abandoned.\"(http://www.govtrack.us/congress/bill.xpd?bill=s109-1821)"@en .corpus62.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Bengis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ingrid Bengis, born in 1944 in New York, is a writer best known for her pioneering collection of essays on love, hate and sexuality, Combat in the Erogenous Zone, (Knopf 1972). The book received critical acclaim and was nominated for a National Book Award. The New York Times Book Review said, \"It must be read and it must be taken seriously if human sexuality is ever going to live up to its notices\" while Newsweek called it \"a remarkable book...that has probably moved both women and men on a deeper level than any other document of the new feminism\". It was reissued in 1990 after Martin Duberman, writing in The Village Voice asked, \"Where is this astonishing writer? Why has she dropped from sight\". The reissue by Harper Collins included a new introduction by Duberman, in which he wrote, \"(Bengis) was only twenty eight when the book was published, but had lived so intensely and could describe her experiences so freshly...that her ruminations about love, hate and sex struck many of us who were older than she as astonishingly vivid and wise. Nearly twenty years later, they still do.\" Among the most frequently cited quotes from the book are \"Imagination has always had powers of resurrection that no science can match\" and \"For me, words are a form of action, capable of influencing change\", quoted by Barack Obama in one of his 2008 campaign speeches.In 2003, Farrar, Straus & Giroux, North Point Press published Bengis' book Metro Stop Dostoyevsky: Travels in Russian Time which takes place in  Russia between 1990-1996 . Naively in love with Russia and Russian literature, she settled in St. Petersburg in 1990 as the Soviet Union was collapsing, and quickly became immersed in \"catastroika\", a period of immense turmoil that mirrored her own increasingly complex and contradictory experience.   Her friendship with a Russian woman whose  marriage is also falling apart, reflects the social tumult, as well as the sometimes dangerous consequences, of American good intentions. It was hailed by Kurt Vonnegut as \"the most sane and intelligent book anyone could possibly write about what it is like to be an American or a Russian at the start of the new millennium,\" and Norman Mailer said \"There is so much to praise about Metro Stop Dostoyevsky that I will content myself with but one remark. I read it all in something approaching whole pleasure, and how often can we make such a claim?\"She is also the author of a novel, I Have Come here to be Alone, Simon and Schuster, 1977 and  a contributor to many magazines and journals. Her work has been translated into six languages, most recently Russian, where her essay Home: Variations on a Theme appeared in the highly respected literary magazine Zvezda. She usually lives in Stonington, Maine, but  also teaches twentieth century American literature at the University of St. Petersburg, in St. Petersburg, Russia (where Alexander Pushkin and Vladimir Putin both studied), is married to a Russian ballet dancer and has one daughter and one stepson."@en .corpus62.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._T._Sangliana> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dr. H. T. Sangliana (born 1 June 1942) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Bangalore North constituency of Karnataka from the BJP, but lost the election for 15th Lok Sabha from the same seat but as a member of the Indian National Congress  political party.He is a native of the Indian state of Mizoram. He is a decorated police officer, who joined the elite Indian Police Service and was allotted the Karnataka cadre. He held the post Commissioner of Police of Bangalore city. During his service as a police officer, he had an impressive record. After retiring, he ran for the old Bangalore North Lok Sabha constituency for the BJP.  He was expelled from BJP for voting in favour of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) Government in the confidence motion in Lok Sabha on July 22, 2008, and then joined the INC. He was contesting the new  Bangalore Central constituency for the INC in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections. Dr.Sangliana was defeated by BJP candidate Mr.P.C.Mohan by 59,665 votes.HT Sangliana is one among the 160 international delegates to join US president-elect Barack Obama at his breakfast table on February 5, 2008. Three films have been made about Sangliana. He was portrayed as a super-cop in the Kannada movie \"S.P.Sangliana\" (1988) starring Shankar Nag and Ambareesh."@en .corpus62.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiloh_Strong> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Shiloh Strong (born June 12, 1978) is an American actor, screenwriter, photographer and film director whose roles include \"Zelos Wilder\" from Tales of Symphonia, \"David Scott\" from Dinotopia, and \"Grant\" from Buck Naked Arson.At the age of 16, Shiloh won a Dramalogue Award for writing the play Shades of Blue. He wrote, directed and starred in the award-winning short film Irish Twins along with his brother, Rider Strong. The film premiered at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival.In 2008, Shiloh Strong helped create a television commercial for Barack Obama's Presidential campaign called \"It Could Happen To You\". He appeared in the commercial with Alexandra Barretto and his brother Rider Strong. The commercial won Moveon.org's contest for funniest commercial and aired on Comedy Central."@en .corpus62.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Cane_Safety_Day> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "White Cane Safety Day is a national observance around the world, celebrated on October 15 of each year since 1964. The date is set aside to celebrate the achievements of people who are blind or visually impaired and the important symbol of blindness and tool of independence, the white cane.On October 6, 1964, a joint resolution of the U.S. Congress, H.R. 753, was signed into law as Pub.L. 88–628, and codified at 36 U.S.C. § 142. This resolution authorized the President of the United States to proclaim October 15 of each year as \"White Cane Safety Day\".President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the first White Cane Safety Day proclamation within hours of the passage of the joint resolution.In 2011, White Cane Safety Day was also named Blind Americans Equality Day by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus62.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Koh> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Howard Kyongju Koh (Hangul: 고경주, Hanja: 高京柱; born March 15, 1952) is the former United States Assistant Secretary for Health for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), after being nominated by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the U.S. Senate in 2009. As the Assistant Secretary for Health, Dr. Koh oversaw the HHS Office of Public Health and Science, the Commissioned Corps of the U.S. Public Health Service, and the Office of the Surgeon General. He also served as senior public health advisor to the Secretary. At the Office of Public Health and Science, he lead an array of interdisciplinary programs relating to disease prevention, health promotion, the reduction of health disparities, women’s and minority health, HIV/AIDS, vaccine programs, physical fitness and sports, bioethics, population affairs, blood supply, research integrity and human research protections. In these various roles, he was dedicated to the mission of creating better public health systems for prevention and care so that all people can reach their highest attainable standard of health. He announced his resignation at the end of July 2014.Dr. Koh previously served as the Harvey V. Fineberg Professor of the Practice of Public Health, Associate Dean for Public Health Practice, and Director of the Division of Public Health Practice at the Harvard School of Public Health. At Harvard, he also served as the principal investigator of multiple research grants related to community-based participatory research, cancer disparities affecting underserved and minority populations, tobacco control and emergency preparedness. He was also Director of the Harvard School of Public Health Center for Public Health Preparedness, which promotes education about bioterrorism, pandemic influenza, and other emerging health threats. He has published over 200 articles in the medical and public health literature.Dr. Koh served as Commissioner of Public Health for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (1997–2003) after being appointed by Governor William Weld. As Commissioner, Dr. Koh led the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, which included a wide range of health services, four hospitals, and a staff of more than 3,000 professionals. In this capacity, he emphasized the power of prevention and strengthened the state’s commitment to eliminating health disparities. During his service, the state saw advances in areas such as tobacco control, cancer screening, bioterrorism response after the September 11 attacks in 2001 and anthrax, health issues of the homeless, newborn screening, organ donation, suicide prevention and international public health partnerships.Dr. Koh graduated from Yale College (where he was President of the Yale Glee Club) and the Yale University School of Medicine. He completed postgraduate training at Boston City Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, serving as chief resident in both hospitals. He has earned board certification in four medical fields: internal medicine, hematology, medical oncology, and dermatology, as well as a Master of Public Health degree from Boston University. At Boston University Schools of Medicine and Public Health, he was Professor of Dermatology, Medicine and Public Health as well as Director of Cancer Prevention and Control.He has earned numerous awards and honors for interdisciplinary accomplishments in medicine and public health, including the Distinguished Service Award from the American Cancer Society, the Drs. Jack E. White/LaSalle D. Leffall Cancer Prevention Award from the American Association for Cancer Research and the Intercultural Cancer Council, and the Dr. Harold P. Freeman Lectureship Award. He is an elected member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies. President Bill Clinton appointed Dr. Koh as a member of the National Cancer Advisory Board (2000–2002). A past Chair of the Massachusetts Coalition for a Health Future (the group that pushed for the Commonwealth’s groundbreaking tobacco control initiative), Dr. Koh was named by the New England Division of the American Cancer Society as “one of the most influential persons in the fight against tobacco during the last 25 years”. Other awards include being named to the K100 (the 100 leading Korean Americans in the first century of Korean immigration to the United States), the Boston University School of Public Health Distinguished Alumni Award (the highest award of the School) and an honorary degree from Merrimack College. In recognition of his national contributions to the field of early detection and prevention of melanoma, the Boston Red Sox designated him a “Medical All Star” (2003) which included the ceremonial first pitch at Fenway Park.Dr. Koh and his wife, Dr. Claudia Arrigg, are the parents of three children.His brother is Harold Hongju Koh, the former Legal Adviser of the Department of State and Yale Law School Dean."@en .corpus63.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Tumulty> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Karen Tumulty (born 1955) is a national political correspondent for The Washington Post. Before joining the Post, Tumulty wrote for Time from October 1994 to April 2010. She was a Congressional correspondent as well as the National Political Correspondent based in Washington D.C. for the magazine.Tumulty graduated from David Crockett High School in Austin, Texas in May 1973.  She later graduated in 1977 from the University of Texas at Austin with a BA in Journalism with high honors; she is an alumna of the Alpha Xi Delta sorority. She received an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1981.Tumulty is a native of San Antonio, Texas, where she began her career at the now-defunct San Antonio Light. Tumulty spent 14 years with the Los Angeles Times, covering the  US Congress, economics, business, energy, and general-assignment beats. While at the Times, she won the Gerald Loeb Award for distinguished business and financial journalism in 1982, and the National Press Foundation's Edwin Hood Award for diplomatic correspondence in 1993.Tumulty joined Time in 1994. She covered Congress for two years, during which time she reported and wrote the magazine's 1995 \"Man of the Year\" profile of Newt Gingrich. In 1996, she became a White House Correspondent, writing major stories on President Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton. She became the National Political Correspondent in 2001.In the 2008 Presidential campaign, Tumulty accused the campaign of Senator John McCain of \"playing the race card\" for a television ad criticizing the connections between Senator Barack Obama and Franklin Raines, the former CEO of Fannie Mae.  Tumulty claimed that the ad displayed \"sinister images of two black men, followed by one of a vulnerable-looking elderly white woman.\"  The McCain campaign pointed out that they had also produced an ad criticizing the connections of Barack Obama to Jim Johnson, another former Fannie Mae CEO who is white.  According to the McCain campaign, Tumulty did not correct her post, but responded with \"I grew up in Texas. I know what this stuff looks like.\"  The McCain campaign has accused Tumulty of \"hysterical liberal bias.\"Tumulty's coverage of health care reform issues has been informed by her personal experience with her brother Patrick's health problems.Besides her work in print journalism, she has appeared as a television/webcasting news analyst on the public affairs programs Washington Week on PBS, as well as Special Report with Bret Baier on Fox News (as part of the 'All-Star Panel').Admiral William H. McRaven, her fifth grade classmate and commander of USSOCOM, was her guest at the 2012 White House Correspondents' Association Dinner.  Adm. McRaven commanded JSOC when it planned and carried out Operation Neptune Spear, the U.S. Navy SEAL raid that killed Osama bin Laden."@en .corpus63.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_A._Tapia> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Alfred Tapia (born March 25, 1939) is a renowned American mathematician and champion of under-represented minorities in the sciences. In recognition of his broad contributions, in 2005, Tapia was named \"University Professor\" at Rice University in Houston, Texas, the University's highest academic title.  The honor has been bestowed on only six professors in Rice's ninety-nine-year history.  On September 28, 2011, President Barack Obama announced that Tapia was among twelve scientists to be awarded the National Medal of Science, the top award the United States offers its researchers.  Tapia is currently the Maxfield and Oshman Professor of Engineering; Associate Director of Graduate Studies,  Office of Research and Graduate Studies; and Director of the Center for Excellence and Equity in Education at Rice University.Tapia's mathematical research is focused on mathematical optimization and iterative methods for nonlinear problems.  His current research is in the area of algorithms for constrained optimization and interior point methods for linear and nonlinear programming."@en .corpus64.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeman_A._Hrabowski_III> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Freeman Alphonsa Hrabowski III (born August 13, 1950) is a prominent American educator, advocate, and mathematician.  In May 1992 he began his term as president of the University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC), one of the twelve public  universities comprising the Maryland university system.  Hrabowski has transformed a no-name, commuter university into a research institution recognized as one of the most innovative in the country.   His administration continues to  build a campus that’s first-rate in research and instruction, and that prepares students of all backgrounds for career success.  Under his adept leadership, UMBC  has been ranked the #1 Up and Coming University in the USA  for six consecutive years (2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014) by U.S. News and World Report magazine.Hrabowski is the co-author of the books, Beating the Odds: Raising Academically Successful African American Males (1998), and Overcoming the Odds: Raising Academically Successful African American Young Women (2001).  His research and many publications focus on science and math education, with a special emphasis on minority participation and performance.  His leadership, expertise and vision are  integral to programs world-wide in science/technology/engineering/mathematics (STEM), and are used by universities, school systems, and community groups around the country.   Hrabowski chaired the prestigious National Academies committee that produced the report Expanding Underrepresented Minority Participation: America’s Science and Technology Talent at the Crossroads.  In 2012, President Barack Obama appointed Hrabowski to Chair of the newly created President’s Advisory Commission on Educational Excellence for African Americans, and he was also a candidate for Secretary of Education in his administration.  He has been called one of America’s Best Leaders, one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World, and one of America’s 10 Best College Presidents.In 2011, Hrabowski received the Carnegie Corporation of New York’s Academic Leadership Award, one of the highest honors given to an educator. The award included a $500,000 grant, which he has directed to support and promote a culture of innovation, entrepreneurship, and student success at UMBC."@en .corpus64.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hutson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Dudley Hutson is a retired United States Navy rear admiral, attorney, and former Judge Advocate General of the Navy. He is the outgoing dean and president of University of New Hampshire School of Law in Concord, New Hampshire, having served in the position since 2000.Dean Hutson holds a B.A. from Michigan State University, a J.D. from the University of Minnesota Law School, and an LL.M. from Georgetown University Law Center.He has discussed having been asked about running for the United States House of Representatives in the second district of New Hampshire, but denies that he intends to do so.Despite being a lifelong Republican, Hutson was a featured speaker at the 2008 Democratic National Convention on August 25 and August 27, 2008, who later announced that he was switching parties and endorsed Senator Barack Obama.  He was mentioned as a possible Republican replacement for U.S. Senator Judd Gregg, prior to Gregg's nomination to be U.S. Secretary of Commerce in the Obama Administration.  The Senate vacancy was to have been filled by Bonnie Newman, but Gregg ultimately withdrew his candidacy for the position."@en .corpus64.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_(1972_film)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Man is a 1972 political drama directed by Joseph Sargent and starring James Earl Jones. Jones plays Douglass Dilman, the President pro tempore of the United States Senate, who succeeds to the presidency through a series of unforeseeable events, thereby becoming both the first African American president and the first wholly unelected one. The screenplay, written by Rod Serling, is largely based upon The Man, a novel by Irving Wallace.In addition to being the first black president more than thirty-six years before the real-world occurrence, the fictional Dilman was also the first president elected to neither that office nor to the Vice Presidency, foreshadowing the real-world elevation of Gerald Ford by less than twenty-five months.In an interview with Greg Braxton of the Los Angeles Times that ran January 16, 2009, four days before Barack Obama was inaugurated as president, Jones was asked about having portrayed the fictional first black U.S. president on film. He replied: \"I have misgivings about that one. It was done as a TV special. Had we known it was to be released as a motion picture, we would have asked for more time and more production money. I regret that.\""@en .corpus64.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_E._Grooms> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bruce Estes Grooms, is a vice admiral in the United States Navy. He is Deputy Chief of Staff for Capability Development at Allied Command Transformation.He has served as Commander of Submarine Group TWO and Vice Director of the Joint Staff.  He has also served as the 81st Commandant of Midshipmen at the United States Naval Academy, responsible for the military and professional development of the Brigade of Midshipmen.On March 1, 2013, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel announced that Grooms is nominated for appointment to the rank of vice admiral and for assignment as Deputy Chief of Staff for Capability Development at Allied Command Transformation by President Barack Obama. He relieved Vice Admiral Carol M. Pottenger from this position."@en .corpus64.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lincoln_Collier> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "James Lincoln Collier (born  June 27, 1928) is a journalist, author, and professional musician.Collier was born to Edmund Collier and Katherine Brown. He came from a family of writers and teachers, including his father and several aunts and uncles. He graduated from Hamilton College in 1950.  A journalist with thirty years of experience, Collier worked with his brother, Christopher Collier, to create works of historical fiction designed to be fun and educational for children. Christopher Collier was a history professor and gave James historical information so that he could write the stories. Their historical novel Jump Ship to Freedom (1981) has been frequently challenged and removed from libraries because of the use of the word \"nigger\" by characters in the book.Collier's notable literary works include My Brother Sam Is Dead (1974), a Newbery Honor book that was also named an American Library Association Notable Children's Book and nominated for a National Book Award in 1975. He also wrote a children's book titled The Empty Mirror (2004), The Teddy Bear Habit (1967), about an insecure boy whose beatnik guitar teacher turns out to be a crook, and Rich and Famous (1975), sequel to The Teddy Bear Habit. His list of children's books also includes Chipper (2001), about a young boy in a gang. His writings for adults include numerous books on jazz, including biographies of Louis Armstrong, Benny Goodman and Duke Ellington. He has also contributed entries on jazz-related subjects to the Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians.In addition to his writing, Collier is an accomplished jazz musician who plays the trombone professionally.In July 2014, Collier stirred controversy when his article \"Nigger in the White House\" was published in WestView News, a West Village newspaper. The article is critical of perceived racism in the far-right's opposition to President Barack Obama."@en .corpus65.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_United_States_Democratic_Party> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The history of the Democratic Party of the United States is an account of the Democratic Party, which is one of the oldest political parties in the world. During the \"Second Party System\", from 1832 to the mid-1850s, under presidents Andrew Jackson, (7th), Martin Van Buren, (8th) James K. Polk, (11th) and U.S. Senator Stephen Douglas, (1813-1861),  of Illinois, (nominee of the violently-split Party Convention of the 1860 Presidential Election), the Democrats usually bested the opposition Whig Party by narrow margins, as both parties worked hard to build grass-roots organizations and maximize the turnout of voters. Both parties used patronage extensively to finance their operations, which included emerging big city machines as well as national networks of newspapers. The party was a proponent for farmers across the country, urban workers, and new immigrants. It advocated westward expansion, Manifest Destiny, greater equality among all white men, and opposition to the national bank.From 1860 to 1932, in the era of the Civil War to the Great Depression, the recently organized in the mid-1850s, opposing Republican Party (from the ruins of the old previous Whig Party and some other smaller splinter groups) was dominant in presidential politics, as the Democrats elected only two presidents to four terms of office for 72 years, almost three-quarters of a century. Only Grover Cleveland (22nd and 24th President in 1884 and 1892), and 28th President Woodrow Wilson (in 1912 and 1916); the only other Democratic president to serve during this time was \"War Democrat\", the only U.S. Senator from a southern-seceding state who refused to leave, Andrew Johnson, (who later as Vice President in the unusual Presidential Election of 1864 on a unified \"Unionist Party\" ticket, was elevated to the Presidency after 16th President Abraham Lincoln's assassination in April 1865, but was never elected as president. Over the same period, the Democrats proved more competitive with the Republicans in Congressional politics, enjoying House of Representatives  majorities, as in the 65th Congress) in 15 of the 36 Congresses elected, although only in five of these did they form the majority in the United States Senate.The Party was split between the \"Bourbon Democrats\", representing Eastern business interests, and the agrarian elements comprising poor farmers in the South and West.  The agrarian element, marching behind the slogan of \"free silver\" (i.e. controlling monetary inflation), captured the Party in 1896, and nominated the \"Great Commoner\", William Jennings Bryan of Nebraska in 1896, 1900, and 1908;  ---  the only man nominated but elected unsuccessfully for three conventions, he lost each time. Both Bryan and Wilson were leaders of the \"Progressive Movement\", 1900–1920. Starting with 32nd President  Franklin D. Roosevelt (of New York) in 1932 of the \"Great Depression\", the Party dominated the \"Fifth Party System\", with its liberal/progressive policies and programs with the \"New Deal\" coalition to combat the emergency bank closings and the continuing financial depression since the famous \"Wall Street Crash of 1929\" and later going into the crises leading up to the Second World War of 1939/1941 to 1945. The Democratis and the Democratic Party, finally lost the White House and control of the executive branch of government only after Roosevelt's death in April 1945 near the end of the War, and after the continuing post-war administration of FDR's third Vice President of the United States, the Harry S Truman, former Senator from Missouri, (for 1945 to 1952, elections of 1944 and the \"stunner\" of 1948). A new Republican Party president was only elected later in the following decade of the early 1950s with the losses by two-time nominee, the Governor of Illinois, Adlai Stevenson (grandson of the former Vice President with the same name of the 1890's) to the very popular war hero and commanding general in World War II, General Dwight D. Eisenhower  (in 1952 and 1956).With two brief interruptions since the \"Great Depression\", and World War II eras, the Democrats with unusually large majorities for over four decades, controlled the lower house of the United States Congress in the House of Representatives from 1930 until 1994, and the U.S. Senate for most of that same period, electing the Speaker of the House and the Representatives' majority leaders/committee chairs along with the upper house of the Senate's majority leaders and committee chairmen. Important Democratic progressive/liberal leaders included Presidents:  33rd - Harry S Truman, [of Missouri], (1945–1953), and 36th - Lyndon B. Johnson, [of Texas], (1963–1969), as well as the earlier Kennedy brothers of 35th President John F. Kennedy, [of Massachusetts], (1961–1963), Senators Robert F. Kennedy, of New York, and Senator Edward M. (\"Teddy\") Kennedy, of Massachusetts who carried the flag for modern American political liberalism. Since the Presidential Election of 1976, Democrats have won five out of the last ten presidential elections, winning in the presidential elections of 1976 (with 39th President Jimmy Carter of Georgia, 1976-1981), 1992 and 1996 (with 42nd President Bill Clinton of Arkansas, 1993-2001), and 2008 and 2012 (with 44th President Barack Obama of Illinois, 2009-incumbent)."@en .corpus66.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_B._Duncan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Christopher B. Duncan (born Dec 4, 1974) is an American actor. He currently plays the leading role of President William Johnson in the sitcom The First Family.Duncan played the role of Braxton P. Hartnabrig on The Jamie Foxx Show. He also had long standing recurring roles on Jane by Design, Veronica Mars and He's also known for playing President Barack Obama on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno as well as in the 2010 film My Name Is Khan.Since 2013, Duncan has starred as a suburban father in a series of commercials for Cox Communications' local cable and broadband services (some of them opposite Jim Hanna). He also appeared in a commercial for Cars.com which aired during Super Bowl XLVI.Duncan received his B.F.A. in Acting from the University of Colorado, Boulder."@en .corpus66.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Lewis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Clyde Lewis (born Louis Clyde Holder on February 22, 1964) is an American talk radio host and conspiracy theorist. He is the creator and host of Ground Zero, a talk radio show dealing with paranormal and parapolitical topics. Lewis’ career in radio began in Utah in 1982 where he started Ground Zero in 1995 in Salt Lake City. Lewis has produced Ground Zero programs online, on radio and on television.Lewis endorses or entertains the possibility of numerous conspiracies and supernatural phenomena. In a 2012 interview Lewis said beings from outer space have come to earth and \"They are here to eat us...We are being farmed for our organs.\" He also believes the moon landing in 1969 was faked. Lewis maintains that Barack Hussein Obama was born in Africa and is therefore not eligible to be President of the United States. He claims that Obama \"was conceived during a CIA operation\" to infiltrate \"communists\" because \"the communists were black at that time.\" Lewis regularly cites weather control by the government or \"rogue scientists\" to manipulate global politics, once suggesting that Hurricane Sandy was created to help Obama by delaying the 2012 presidential election. He says Prince William, Duke of Cambridge \"has every chance of being the Anti-Christ\" and claims Men in Black once bombed his car \"to scare him\". Lewis also explored the idea that the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting could have been a conspiracy designed to facilitate government gun control (accomplished by \"crisis actors\" posing as the parents of the murdered children and by using devices to beam homicidal thoughts into the shooter's mind.)Though often featuring doomsday scenarios caused by everything from \"alien visitation\" to Ebola epidemics (in conjunction with his selling of survivalist products), Lewis believes that there is no danger of anthropogenic climate change. Unlike his warnings about \"magnetic storms,\" Lewis thinks that climate change is a hoax, that the scientific consensus on climate change is really a global conspiracy linked to Nazi ideals, and that efforts to combat climate change could lead to another Holocaust; this new Holocaust would be carried out by the UN's \"green police force, carrying out the same old and tired lies that led to genocidal directives that killed millions of people 70 years ago.\"Lewis also supports Russian President Vladimir Putin as a positive force, saying \"Putin has been instrumental in rebelling against the hostile encroachment of the World Government and has challenged Barack Obama on his decisions to embrace the New World Order.\"Lewis was the subject of an episode of Penn & Teller: Bullshit! debunking conspiracy theories. He also appeared on the television programs Sightings, Strange Universe and the Discovery Channel special Return to the Bermuda Triangle. His work has been published in both UFO Magazine and Chris Fleming's Unknown Magazine, and has been featured in Rolling Stone.  Lewis is the model for characters in such books as Safe House by Andrew Vachss, Supernatural Law by Batton Lash, and Alien Invasion by Michael Tresca.A fan of science-fiction and B movies, comic books and mythology, Clyde Lewis has also published his own fanzines and co-written scripts for television and radio. He appeared as an actor in the movies Nightfall (1988), which he co-wrote with director Kevin Delullo; Cage in Box Elder (2000); and Citizen Toxie: The Toxic Avenger Part IV, in which he provided the voice of the title character.During the Congress Edits controversy, Lewis announced on his radio show on July 15, 2014 that he was informed his Wikipedia page had been hacked and vandalized with the source being a U.S. government I.S.P. address, a claim he repeated on his Ground Zero Facebook page: \"I am harassed all the time by paid trolls hired by the government...Now congress [sic] vandalizes my Wikipeida [sic] page.\" He asked for listeners to help restore the page. However, the Wikipedia revision history logs shows the change involved only one word with no significant impact on the meaning of the text."@en .corpus66.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixon_White_House_tapes> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Nixon White House tapes are audio recordings of the communications of U.S. President Richard Nixon and various Nixon administration officials and White House staff, ordered by the President for personal records. The taping system was installed in selected rooms in the White House in February 1971 and was voice activated. The records come from line-taps placed on the telephones and small lavalier microphones in various locations around the rooms. The recordings were produced on up to nine Sony TC-800B open-reel tape recorders. The recorders were turned off on July 18, 1973, shortly after they became public knowledge as a result of the Watergate hearings.Nixon was not the first president to record his White House conversations; the tradition began with President Franklin D. Roosevelt and continued under Presidents Harry S. Truman, Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, and Lyndon B. Johnson. It also continued under Presidents Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama. What differentiated the Nixon system from the others, however, is the fact that the Nixon system was automatically activated by voice as opposed to being manually activated by a switch. The Watergate tapes are interspersed among the Nixon White House tapes. The tapes gained fame during the Watergate scandal of 1973 and 1974 when the system was made public during the televised testimony of White House aide Alexander Butterfield. Only a few White House employees had ever been aware that this system existed. Special Counsel Archibald Cox, a former United States Solicitor General under President John F. Kennedy, asked District Court Judge John Sirica to subpoena eight relevant tapes to confirm the testimony of White House Counsel John Dean.On August 20, 2013, the Nixon Library and the National Archives and Records Administration released the final 340 hours of the tapes that cover the period from April 9 through July 12, 1973."@en .corpus66.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Attorney_for_the_Middle_District_of_Florida> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Attorney for the Middle District of Florida is the United States Attorney responsible for representing the federal government in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida.The U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Florida has offices in Fort Myers, Jacksonville, Ocala, Orlando, and Tampa.Formerly the Deputy United States Attorney for the Middle District of Florida, James Klindt received this position after the resignation of U.S. Attorney Paul Perez in March 2007.   Perez was appointed to the position in March 2002 by President George W. Bush.   Though Perez resigned in the wake of the dismissal of United States Attorneys controversy, he stated that his resignation was not related to the ongoing inquiry surrounding United States Attorney General Alberto Gonzales. The previous U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Florida was A. Brian Albritton, who was appointed by President George W. Bush and sworn in October 15, 2008. On June 9, 2010, Robert E O'Neill was nominated by President Barack Obama to become the next U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Florida and subsequently sworn in on October 5, 2010. O'Neill had previously served as interim U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Florida and was in charge of the Criminal Division for the District. Charles R. Wilson served as United States Attorney for the Middle District of Florida from 1994 until his appointment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit in 1999."@en .corpus67.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_people_from_Taunton,_Massachusetts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The following is a list of notable people from Taunton, Massachusetts, USA. These individuals were born in Taunton, were long-time residents of the city, or were buried within the city limits.Bagni, Adam (1984–) – sportscasterBabbitt, Isaac (1799–1862) –  inventor, manufactured the first tableware made of  Britannia metal; made the first brass cannon cast in the U.S.; patented the Babbitt metalBarnes, David Leonard (1760–1812) — lawyer; judge of U.S. District Court for Rhode Island, 1801–1812; died in office 1812.Baylies, Francis (1783–1852) – politician; U.S. representative from Massachusetts, 1821–1827 (10th District 1821–1825, 12th District 1825–1827); member of Massachusetts House of Representatives, 1827; U.S. Chargé d'Affaires to Argentina, 1832Beauvais, Lee (N/A-N/A) — politician; delegate to Democratic National Convention from Massachusetts, 2004; still living as of 2004.Bignell, George (1884–1925) – professional baseball player; played for the 1884 Milwaukee Brewers, in the 19th century's American Association (AA)Botelho, Michael A. (1949 - )- Arkansas County Judge; 33rd degree Freemason and internationally published Masonic author; retired and living in south Texas as of 2010.Briggs, Abraham (1823–1887) — politician; member of Massachusetts House of Representatives, 1865 Burt, Jeffery R. - artist, tattoo machine fabricator, derma-graphic engineerChamberlain, Joseph C. (1896 - 1965) — mayor of Taunton, 1954-1960Christian, Mary (1889–2003)- recognized as oldest living American, born in TauntonCobb, David (1748–1830) – State court judge in Massachusetts, 1784; member of Massachusetts House of Representatives, 1789; U.S. Representative from Massachusetts 3rd District, 1793–1795; member of Massachusetts Senate, 1802; lieutenant governor of Massachusetts, 1809–1810Couch, Darius N. (1822–1897) – a U.S. Army officer, naturalist, and an Union army general in the American Civil WarCoughlin, Richard P. (N/A-N/A) – politician; delegate to Democratic National Convention from Massachusetts, 1924; presumed deceased.Crocker, Samuel Leonard (1804–1883) – politician; U.S. Representative from Massachusetts 2nd District, 1853–1855Crowley, Charles [1954–2014] City Councilor (1988–2007) Mayor of Taunton (2007–2012)local historian and author, TV producer & host of Olde Tyme TauntonCutter, Stephanie (1968–present) - Deputy Senior Advisor to President Barack ObamaDeCosta, Eric – director of player personnel for the Baltimore Ravens (2003-present)Dunn, (Captain) William – a philanthropist, master mariner, and one of the original proprietors of TauntonFitzgerald, John E. — politician; delegate to Democratic National Convention from Massachusetts, 1940; still living as of 1940.Flood, Joseph E. (1916-1991)  Mayor of Taunton, 1970-72; City Assessor 1941-1969 Foster, William Z (1881–1961) – American Communist Party's presidential candidate in 1924, 1928, and 1932; also, party chairman from 1945 to 1956Gifford, Alan (1911–1989) – actorJoseph Gouveia (1964-2014) - poet; Cape Cod Poet Laureate, 1999-2000; Poet-In-Residence, Cape Cod Community College, 1999-2000; Massachusetts Poet of the Year, 2001; Editor, RUBBER SIDE DOWN, the biker poet anthology (Archer Books, LA) 2008; Author, SAUDADES, (Casa Mariposa Press) 2014; Poetry radio host of The Poets' Corner, WOMR-FM, Provincetown; Poetry columnist and freelance A&E journalist, 2006–present; the Barnstable Patriot newspaper, Hyannis, 2007–present; Poetry Curator at the Cultural Center of Cape Cod, 2007–present.Hodges, James Leonard (1790–1846) – politician; member of Massachusetts General Court; U.S. Representative from Massachusetts 12th District, 1827–1833Jackson, James Frederick (1851–1937) – Lawyer; mayor of Fall River, 1890–1891; Congregationalist; member of the American Bar AssociationKamin, Leon J. (1927–) – psychologist, co-authored the book Not in Our Genes (1974)Knowles, William S. (1917–) – chemist, a 2001 Nobel Prize laureate winner in Chemistry for his and his colleagues work on chirally catalysed hydrogenation reactionsLaffoley, Steven (1965–) – Author of seven books, including the award-winning Shadowboxing: the Rise and Fall of George Dixon (2012)Leach, Robert Milton (1879–1952) — politician; U.S. Representative from Massachusetts 15th District, 1924–1925; alternate delegate to Republican National Convention from Massachusetts, 1928Lorimer, Elsa (1891–1967) – film actressLovering, William Croad (1835–1910) – politician; Member of Massachusetts Senate, 1874–1875; delegate to Republican National Convention from Massachusetts, 1880; U.S. Representative from Massachusetts, 1897–1910 (12th District 1897–1903, 14th District 1903–1910); died in office 1910Mackendrick, Paul (Lachlan) (1914–1998) – author, author of archaeological books, such as The Mute Stones Speak (1960), The Greek Stones Speak (1962), Roman France (1972), The Dacian Stones Speak (1975), The North African Stones Speak (1980), & etc.Mason, William (1808–1883) – engine builder; machinist;  manufacturer of locomotives and cotton machinery; pioneer in the building of locomotives; patented the \"self-acting mule\" and the \"Mason's Self-acting Mule,\" founder of the Mason Machine Works in 1873. Built engine that carried Abraham Lincoln to his Illinois graveMcCaffrey, Barry (1942–) – military officer, politician, youngest 4-star general in the army at any time, director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) under President Bill Clinton (1996–2001), Drug CzarCatherine Anna McKenna (b. 1875) – lawyer; first woman admitted to practice law in California Morse, Rachel (N/A-N/A) – politician; alternate delegate to Republican National Convention from Massachusetts, 1924, 1940; presumed deceased.Morton, Marcus (1784–1864) – lawyer, jurist, politician, U.S. House member (Massachusetts), Governor of Massachusetts (two terms)Murphy, Joseph P. (N/A-N/A) — politician; Delegate to Democratic National Convention from Massachusetts, 1936; presumed deceased.Murphy, Mary I. (N/A-N/A) — politician; delegate to Democratic National Convention from Massachusetts, 1940, 1944; still living as of 1944.Nunes, Robert G. – Mayor of Taunton (longest-serving), Director of Municipal Affairs (Commonwealth of Massachusetts)O'Brien, Gordon (c. 1947-N/A) – career criminal; associate of the Providence-based Patriacra crime family and involved in the failed kidnapping of bookmaker Blaise Marfeo in 1990. O'Connor, Basil *January 8, 1892; lawyer and aide of Franklin D. Roosevelt, died in 1972, President of the American Red Cross Chairman of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent MovementO'Hearn, John E. (N/A-N/A) – politician; Alternate delegate to Democratic National Convention from Massachusetts, 1924, 1928; presumed deceased.Eileen M. Orsi-Stanger (1925-1991) Notable Harvard graduate and General Electric ExecutivePacheco, Marc R. (N/A-N/A) — politician; presidential elector for Massachusetts, 1996; delegate to Democratic National Convention from Massachusetts, 2000, 2004; still living as of 2004.Padelford, Seth (1807–1878) – politician; lieutenant governor of Rhode Island, 1863–1865; presidential elector for Rhode Island, 1868; governor of Rhode Island, 1869–1873Paine, Robert Treat (1731–1814) – politician; a Supreme Court Judge of Massachusetts (1796–1804); a signer of the Declaration of IndependenceParker, John F. (N/A-N/A) — Mayor of Taunton, 1953; still living as of 1953.Pedro, Nicholas – Contestant on Season 6 of American Idol.Poole, Arthur E. (N/A-N/A) — Mayor of Taunton, 1937; presumed deceased.Poole, Elizabeth (N/A-May 21, 1664) – English woman, Puritan, foundress of the present-day city of Taunton, and the first woman to have founded a town in the Americas in 1637Poole, (Captain) William – English Captain, acted as senior officer of the fleet, served in the Restoration navy; commanded the English war ships Charity (1661), Advice (1663), St. George (1665), Mary (1666), Crown (1667), Jersey (1669), Plymouth (1672), Leopard (1676), Happy Return (1678), Samuel and Mary (1685)Reardon, John \"Beans\" (1897–1984) – film actor, Major League Baseball umpire, officiated in five World Series gamesRosa, Manuel C. (1898-N/A) – U.S. Patent lawyer, former U.S. Department of Commerce patent law attorney and developed a classification of organic compounds still presently usedSullivan, Shevonne, television personality on TMZ, graduated Taunton High School in 2002.Waterman, Sterry Robinson (1901–1984) – Lawyer; delegate to Republican National Convention from Vermont, 1936; Judge of U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit, 1955–1970; Member, American Bar Association; American Judicature SocietyWelch, John E. – politician; alternate delegate to Democratic National Convention from Massachusetts, 1932; presumed deceased.Wert, Richard De (1931–1951) – soldier (Korean War), Medal of Honor recipient; a guided missile frigate, the USS De Wert was officially named in the honor of his extraordinary heroicsWilliams, Henry (1805–1887) — politician; member of Massachusetts state legislature; U.S. Representative from Massachusetts, 1839–1841, 1843–1845 (10th District 1839–1841, 9th District 1843–1845)Williams, Louise M. (N/A-N/A) — politician; delegate to Republican National Convention from Massachusetts, 1928 (alternate), 1944; member of Republican National Committee from Massachusetts, 1940; presumed deceased.↑"@en .corpus67.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Roosevelt_Seagraves> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Anna Eleanor Roosevelt Seagraves (née Dall, born March 25, 1927, in New York City), librarian, educator, historian, editor is a granddaughter of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Her parents are Anna Roosevelt Dall and her first husband Curtis Bean Dall. She is usually known as \"Sistie\", \"Ellie\" or \"Eleanor\".Sistie, as she was affectionately called in the press during her grandparents' tenure in the White House, was named for her mother and grandmother, Eleanor Roosevelt.  When her parents separated in 1933 (they divorced in 1934), she along with her mother and brother Curtis moved into the White House with her grandparents.  Her mother would later remarry two more times and a younger half-brother, John Roosevelt Boettiger would join the family in 1939.In 1948, she married Van H. Seagraves.  Together, they had three children (and six grandchildren):  Nicholas Delano Seagraves (born August 7, 1949) David Delano Seagraves (born August 26, 1952) Anna Fierst (née Anna Eleanor Seagraves) (born August 16, 1955)Children of Nicholas Delano Seagraves Delano Dixon Seagraves (born April 5, 1978) Haven Seagraves (born June 23, 1981)Children of David Delano Seagraves Lucy Seagraves (born March 3, 1983)  Dana Seagraves (born March 3, 1985)Children of Anna Fierst  Sophie Eleanor Fierst (born July 24, 1992) Simon Charles Fierst (born April 7, 1994)Seagraves is one of the few living Roosevelt family members who witnessed events firsthand during the White House years. Seagraves also is one of the few surviving people who witnessed her grandmother's diplomacy. Each year, when Seagraves' grandmother held a picnic at Val-Kill for delinquent boys, she assisted Mrs. Roosevelt with these events. She was close to Eleanor Roosevelt throughout her life.Seagraves has enjoyed a career as an educator and librarian. She edited Delano's Voyages of Commerce and Discovery (1994), drawn from the journals of Amasa Delano, as well as The Val-Kill Cook Book (1984). Seagraves concentrated her career on keeping alive many of the causes her grandmother began and supported. She is an active participant in Democratic Party events in her area, and endorsed Barack Obama for the 2008 Presidential campaign. At 88, Seagraves resides in Washington D.C."@en .corpus67.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Petraeus> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Howell Petraeus AO (/pɨˈtreɪ.əs/; born November 7, 1952) is a retired American military officer and public official. He served as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency from September 6, 2011, until his resignation on November 9, 2012. Prior to his assuming the directorship of the CIA, Petraeus was a highly decorated four-star general, serving over 37 years in the United States Army. His last assignments in the Army were as commander of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) andCommander, U.S. Forces Afghanistan (USFOR-A) from July 4, 2010, to July 18, 2011. His other four-star assignments include serving as the 10th Commander, U.S. Central Command (USCENTCOM) from October 13, 2008, to June 30, 2010, and as Commanding General, Multi-National Force – Iraq (MNF-I) from February 10, 2007, to September 16, 2008. As commander of MNF-I, Petraeus oversaw all coalition forces in Iraq.Petraeus has a B.S. degree from the United States Military Academy, from which he graduated in 1974 as a distinguished cadet (top 5% of his class). In his class were three other future four-star generals, Martin Dempsey, Walter L. Sharp and Keith B. Alexander. He was the General George C. Marshall Award winner as the top graduate of the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College class of 1983. He subsequently earned an M.P.A. in 1985 and a Ph.D. degree in international relations in 1987 from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. He later served as Assistant Professor of International Relations at the United States Military Academy and also completed a fellowship at Georgetown University.Petraeus has repeatedly stated that he has no plans to run for elected political office. On June 23, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Petraeus to succeed General Stanley McChrystal as commanding general of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, technically a step down from his position as Commander of United States Central Command, which oversees the military efforts in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Central Asia, the Arabian Peninsula, and Egypt.On June 30, 2011, Petraeus was unanimously confirmed as the next Director of the CIA by the U.S. Senate 94–0. Petraeus relinquished command of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan on July 18, 2011, and retired from the U.S. Army on August 31, 2011. On November 9, 2012, General Petraeus resigned from his position as Director of the CIA, citing his extramarital affair which was reportedly discovered in the course of an FBI investigation. In January of 2015, officials reported the F.B.I. and Justice Department prosecutors had recommended bringing felony charges against Petraeus for provided classified information to a lover while director of the C.I.A."@en .corpus67.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_C._Blair> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dennis Cutler Blair (born February 4, 1947) is the former United States Director of National Intelligence and is a retired United States Navy admiral who was the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific region. Blair was a career officer in the U.S. Navy and served in the White House during the presidencies of  both President Jimmy Carter and President Ronald Reagan. Blair retired from the Navy in 2002 as an Admiral. In 2009, Blair was selected as President Barack Obama’s first Director of National Intelligence, but after a series of bureaucratic battles, he resigned on May 20, 2010.He currently serves as a member of the Energy Security Leadership Council of Securing America's Future Energy, and is on the boards of Freedom House, the National Bureau of Asian Research, and the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations. He also serves as co-chair of the annual Pacific Energy Summit."@en .corpus68.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_North_Assembly> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jefferson North Assembly Plant (JNAP) is a Chrysler automobile assembly factory in Detroit, Michigan.  Located on East Jefferson Avenue 6 mi (9.6 km) from downtown, the factory opened in 1991 as a major commitment to the downtown Detroit area by Chrysler, and was expanded in 1999, bringing its area to 2,700,000 sq ft (250,000 m2) and expanded again in 2011, bringing its total to 3,000,000 sq ft (280,000 m2). Its first product was the Jeep Grand Cherokee from the start, which it continues to produce to this day.Jefferson North is the only auto assembly plant that is entirely within the city limits.  A second plant, Detroit/Hamtramck Assembly owned by General Motors, is partly in Detroit and partly in the neighboring city of Hamtramck.Chrysler announced in August 2008 a 1.8-billion-dollar investment in the plant that would expand it by 285,000 sq ft (26,500 m2) and upgrade the facility for the production of a new product in 2010. Improvements in the plant occurred during a period of intense corporate turmoil for the parent company. Daimler-Benz had sold its majority stake to Cerberus Capital Management in 2007. Cerberus and the United Auto Workers agreed in 2007 to a plan whereby entry workers are paid $16/hour compared to $28 for long-term UAW employees. The Cerberus-owned company went into bankruptcy in 2009 with the company getting a multi-billion-dollar bailout by the United States government before ultimately being acquired by Fiat in 2011.In 2013, more than 300,000 cars a year were being produced at the plant and its work force was reported at 4,600 working, with the plant in operation 24 hours a day. The crews work an \"alternative work schedule\" (AWS) known as 3-2-120 that does not require Chrylser to pay overtime or weekend pay. The schedule was part of the bailout package. Each crew works 10 hours a day for 4 days (\"A” 6 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Thursday; “B” 6 p.m. to 4:30 a.m. on Wednesday through Saturday; “C” 10 hours on the night shift Monday and Tuesday and 10 hours on the day shift Friday and Saturday). The 3/2/120 comes from a practice of working for three days, taking off two (plus Sunday for everyone) so that everyone works 120 hours over every three weeks.In August 2013, the Jefferson North Assembly Plant produced its 5,000,000th vehicle since it first made the 1993 Jeep Grand Cherokee ZJ in 1992. The vehicle was a 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee WK2 Overland. A decal was placed on the windshield of the vehicle to signify that it was the 5,000,000th vehicle produced at the Jefferson North Assembly Plant. The vehicle was donated to the USO, whom Jeep and Chrysler Group support. A 1993 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 4X4 with low mileage is also on display at JNAP to celebrate this milestone.President Barack Obama visited the plant in 2010 to speak to the workers at the plant. He said that the first new vehicle he ever owned was a 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited."@en .corpus68.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Danzig> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Jeffrey Danzig (born September 18, 1944) is an American lawyer who served as the 71st Secretary of the Navy under President Bill Clinton. He served as an advisor to President Barack Obama during his presidential campaign and was later the Chairman of the national security think-tank, the Center for a New American Security."@en .corpus69.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_Franklin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chip Franklin( Born March 29, 1965) is a nationally known writer, producer, comedian and musician. For the last 20+ years, he was a talk show host, most recently on KGO in San Francisco, California. He is also former host of a talk show on KOGO in San Diego, California and WBAL AM 1090 in Baltimore, Maryland and at WMAL in Washington DC.. The Washington Post's Marc Fisher says \"Franklin adds a rare dose of irony to a medium that rarely trusts its audience to get the joke.” In San Diego and Baltimore, Washington DC, Franklin is also known as a comedian and frequents clubs in the markets.A self-described political independent, Franklin often uses humor to voice his opinion on government policies.  He has won 2 National Edward R. Murrow awards and five regional Murrows for his satiric essays on politics.He has also won five Achievement in Radio Best Talk Show Host awards. Talkers Magazine has listed Chip as one of the top 100 talk show hosts in the country for five straight years, most recently at #97 in the 2008 edition of the Heavy 100. Chip started at San Diego's KOGO on September 4, 2007. He is on the air from 5 to 9 a.m. Since his initial broadcast Chip has been through: earthquake, the La Jolla landslide in October 2007, and the October Firestorm. He brought his producer Don Ayres to San Diego.Franklin has appeared numerous times on The O'Reilly Factor, CNN, Paula Zahn, Fox and Friends, The Situation Room, and MSNBC. His series, CURB YOUR INTELLIGENCE, random on-the-street interviews generated national buzz and a feature on CNN in early 2007 when he asked people if they still blamed Barack Obama for 9/11. He has continued with this segment in San Diego, renaming it Arrested Intelligence. The produced segments are available as podcasts at the KOGO web site.A show on WBAL 1090 AM that featured the Commissioner of the Baltimore Police Department was subpoenaed by a federal grand jury. Chip Franklin was heard from 9:00 a.m., until noon in Baltimore.A veteran stand-up comic, Chip has headlined thousands of shows as a stand-up, speaker, and featured guest. He has over a dozen appearances on national television, including Evening at The Improv, Comic Strip Live, VH-1 Standup Spotlight, MTV, Comedy Central, The CBS Morning Show, and The A-List on A&E. He has also written for The Tonight Show. Franklin also writes and directs short films and has won numerous awards from festivals in the U.SChip Franklin currently hosts his own radio show weekdays 12-3pm on the legendary KGO radio in San Francisco.Born in Alexandria, VA, Chip is the youngest of five children. His father was a Washington DC police officer and his mother an assistant U.S. District Attorney . Chip is married and has two sons, a rottweiler, and a wicked eight-iron."@en .corpus69.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Fabe> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dana Anderson Fabe (born March 29, 1951) has been a member of the Alaska Supreme Court since March 1996. She has served two terms as the court's Chief Justice (2000–2003, 2006–2009). She was the first woman to be appointed to the Alaska Supreme Court and the Alaska Supreme Court's first female Chief Justice.A native of Cincinnati, Ohio, she grew up in the city's Hyde Park neighborhood and attended The Seven Hills School. She attended Cornell University (BA 1973) and Northeastern University School of Law (JD 1976), before moving to Alaska in the 1970s.Following the retirement of U.S. Supreme Court Justice David Souter, U.S. Senator Mark Begich recommended her as a possible successor in a letter to President Barack Obama."@en .corpus69.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Nation> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Girls Nation is an annual civic training program run by the American Legion Auxiliary.  It is analogous to Boys Nation.The first American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation was held August 9-August 14, 1947, with 82 girls and 41 states participating. It has been held each year subsequently. In order to attend the event, participating Girls State sessions select two participants to represent the state at Girls Nation. It, much like Girls State, is a \"hands on\" election simulation, only focusing on federal government rather than state government. These representatives, the Girls Nation \"senators,\" are divided into two political parties. The parties do not reflect the two major political parties in today's system, but allow citizens to gain a special knowledge of how the system works. Girls Nation is funded by the national organization of the Auxiliary, with some support from each participating state. Little or no expense is required of the representative or her family.The Auxiliary has been recognized many times by Freedoms Foundation at Valley Forge, Pennsylvania and the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) for outstanding Girls State and Girls Nation programs. It has also been recognized through the media in \"Career World\" magazine, WAM!, Children's Television Network (Encore Media Corporation), and many newspapers. The delegates of Girls Nation, alongside the American Legion's Boys Nation delegates, are additionally given the opportunity to meet Barack Obama as well as other House Representatives and Senators during their weeklong program.At this point in time, 98 girls attend Girls Nation. Hawaii does not partake in the Girls State or Girls Nation program."@en .corpus69.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_Defense_for_Policy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy (USDP) is a high level civilian official in the United States Department of Defense. The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy is the principal staff assistant and adviser to both the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of Defense for all matters concerning the formation of national security and defense policy.The Under Secretary is normally appointed from civilian life by the President with the consent of the Senate to serve at the request of the President. The current Under Secretary is Christine E. Wormuth, whose appointment was signed by President Barack Obama on June 23, 2014 as the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. Mission: The mission of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy is to consistently provide responsive, forward-thinking, and insightful policy advice and support to the Secretary of Defense, and the Department of Defense, in alignment with national security objectives."@en .corpus7.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Agency_for_International_Development> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) is the United States Government agency primarily responsible for administering civilian foreign aid.  Responding to President Barack Obama's pledge in his 2013 State of the Union Address to \"join with our allies to eradicate extreme poverty in the next two decades,\" USAID has adopted as its mission statement \"to partner to end extreme poverty and to promote resilient, democratic societies while advancing the security and prosperity of the United States.\"  USAID operates in Africa, Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe.President John F. Kennedy created USAID from its predecessor agencies in 1961 by executive order.  USAID's programs are authorized by the Congress in the Foreign Assistance Act, which the Congress supplements through directions in annual funding appropriation acts and other legislation. Although technically an independent federal agency, USAID operates subject to the foreign policy guidance of the President, Secretary of State, and the National Security Council."@en .corpus7.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Biden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joseph Robinette \"Joe\" Biden, Jr.  (/ˈdʒoʊsɨf rɒbɨˈnɛt ˈbaɪdən/; born November 20, 1942) is the 47th and current Vice President of the United States, jointly elected with President Barack Obama. He is a member of the Democratic Party and was a United States Senator from Delaware from January 3, 1973, until his resignation on January 15, 2009, following his election to the Vice Presidency. In 2012, Biden was elected to a second term alongside Obama.Biden was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and lived there for ten years before moving to Delaware. He became an attorney in 1969, and was elected to the New Castle County council in 1970. Biden was first elected to the Senate in 1972 and became the sixth-youngest senator in U.S. history. He was re-elected to the Senate six times, and was the fourth most senior senator at the time of his resignation. Biden was a long-time member and former chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. His strong advocacy helped bring about U.S. military assistance and intervention during the Bosnian War. He opposed the Gulf War in 1991. He voted in favor of the Iraq War Resolution in 2002, but later proposed resolutions to alter U.S. strategy there. He has also served as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, dealing with issues related to drug policy, crime prevention, and civil liberties, and led creation of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act and Violence Against Women Act. He chaired the Judiciary Committee during the contentious U.S. Supreme Court nominations of Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas.Biden unsuccessfully sought the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988 and 2008, both times dropping out early in the race. Barack Obama selected Biden to be the Democratic Party nominee for Vice President in the 2008 U.S. presidential election. Biden is the first Roman Catholic and the first Delawarean to become Vice President of the United States. As Vice President, Biden has been heavily involved in Obama's decision-making process and held the oversight role for infrastructure spending from the Obama stimulus package aimed at counteracting the late-2000s recession. His ability to negotiate with Congressional Republicans played a key role in bringing about the bipartisan deals that resulted in the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 that resolved a taxation deadlock, the Budget Control Act of 2011 that resolved that year's debt ceiling crisis, and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 that addressed the impending \"fiscal cliff\".  Obama and Biden were re-elected in 2012."@en .corpus70.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_D._Mason> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bill Mason \"William D.\" (born 1959) is the former prosecutor of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. He took office in 1999, succeeding Stephanie Tubbs Jones. Mason was re-elected in 2004 and 2008.Mason was born and raised in Parma, Ohio, and was an accomplished wrestler in high school. After completing his undergraduate degree at Kent State University, Mason went to the Cleveland Marshall College of Law where he graduated with a Juris Doctorate degree and became an assistant prosecuting attorney for Cuyahoga County, Ohio. While an assistant county prosecutor, he became involved in Ohio Democratic politics in 1993. Mason became a councilman in the city of Parma and was eventually elected the Law Director and Chief Prosecutor, serving for six years before taking his current position.Mason is currently the chair of the Ohio Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) Task Force.  The Ohio ICAC now has 281 law enforcement partner agencies across the state and at least one ICAC law enforcement agency in each of Ohio’s 88 counties, making it one of the largest and most successful ICAC task forces in the nation.  The United States Department of Justice awarded Mason with the 2006 National Leadership Award, which was the first time presenting this award.  Mason chairs the Agency Council for Cuyahoga County Justice System Reform, overseeing committees implementing Justice Management Institute recommendations, a county-wide reform initiative aimed at making the justice system more efficient and effective.  He also chairs the Great Lakes Energy Development Task Force which aims to create jobs by bringing renewable energy industries to Northeast Ohio. The first project he is spearheading is the Great Lakes Wind Energy Center, a pilot project of several offshore wind turbines on Lake Erie. Mason was a delegate to the 2000 Democratic National Convention. He co-wrote, with Jack P. DeSario, Dr. Sam Sheppard on Trial: Case Closed (Kent State University Press 2003). Mason supported John Kerry at the 2004 Democratic National Convention and supported Barack Obama for the 2008 Ohio primary. He has been mentioned as a possible candidate for statewide office, or for county executive in the new Cuyahoga County charter form of government, which was approved by voters in November 2008.Bill and his wife have four children aka Jordan Mason. Bill has 15 brothers and sisters."@en .corpus70.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nic_Lott> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nicholas A. \"Nic\" Lott (born May, 1979 in Taylorsville, Mississippi, United States) is an American public servant who was the first African-American student body president elected at the University of Mississippi. Lott defeated five other candidates in the history making event for the state's oldest university, once plagued by the dark days of racism.The self-described conservative has previously worked under Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott (no relation), and U.S. Congressman J.C. Watts and has interned in The White House during President George W. Bush's first year in office. During the 2003 Mississippi gubernatorial campaign, Lott was director of youth outreach for GOP nominee Haley Barbour. Following Barbour's victory over incumbent Gov. Ronnie Musgrove, Lott joined Barbour's administration as senior advisor for communications and public safety issues for the Mississippi Department of Corrections. He also served as an administrator for the Office of Justice Programs under the Department of Public Safety.He is the former state chairman for the Mississippi Young Republicans and former state chairman for the Mississippi College Republicans.Lott ran unsuccessfully for the Mississippi state senate in 2007 where he lost by a narrow 68 vote margin.He currently serves in Governor Phil Bryant's Administration as director of special compliance operations for renewal recovery.An alumnus of the US Senate’s African-American Leadership Summit, Lott has received numerous honors including being selected for Who's Who in Black Mississippi, Top 40 Under 40 by the Mississippi Business Journal, VIP Magazine’s “Top 10 Fascinating People” and the Business Chronicle’s “Young Guns: Top Business and Community Leaders.” He currently serves on the US Commission on Civil Rights State Advisory Committee, Congress of Racial Equality Board, Mississippi Community Education Center Board, Big Brothers Big Sisters of Mississippi Board, United Way Networth Committee, Leadership Greater Jackson Executive Committee, Coalition of Young Conservative Leaders Board, Young Leaders in Philanthropy, United Healthcare Advisory Board, and the University of Mississippi Central Alumni Board. He is a former member of the University of Mississippi ’s College of Liberal Arts Alumni Board .Last year he was appointed by the Susan G. Komen Foundation to serves as one of eight Pink Tie Guys for the state of Mississippi. Pink Tie Guys serve as ambassadors for the organization in raising breast cancer awareness and raising funds for research.Lott blogged for CNN's Anderson Cooper 360 during the inauguration of President Barack Obama. He appears as a political commentator and guest on multiple outlets including CNN, Fox News, WRBJ, WJSU, and WMPN. Lott recently appeared on a CNN Special Series focused on successful innovators who are working to make improvements within African American communities around the country. He is a weekly contributor to WJSU's political radio show \"Issues and Images\", a winner of the Mississippi Association of Broadcasters Award for Excellence in a Series, and serves on the Washington Post Advisory Panel. Lott appears in the documentary Mississippi Remixed, a fresh look at race relations in the Deep South.Lott has a son, Nicholas."@en .corpus70.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutterson_Fieldhouse> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gutterson Fieldhouse is a 4,035-seat hockey arena in Burlington, Vermont. It is home to the Vermont Catamounts men's and women's ice hockey teams. It is the largest indoor arena in the state of Vermont.  It is adjacent to Patrick Gymnasium at the school's athletic complex. It is named for Albert Gutterson, class of 1912, the school's first Olympian. He set an Olympic record with a 7.60 meter long jump, beating, among others, the great Jim Thorpe.The barrel-vaulted arena opened in 1963, originally seating 3,335. It was expanded to its current capacity in 1990. The hockey team has played host to exhibitions with the Soviet Union national ice hockey team, Russia women's national ice hockey team, and United States men's national ice hockey team and United States women's national ice hockey team. It was the venue for the first women's hockey game ever nationally televised in the US (in 1997, a pre-Olympic game between Canada and the United States in the Four Nations Cup), and between 1995 and 2000, and again in 2002, it was the preseason training camp site of the New York Rangers. (The Hartford Whalers had previously held their 1992 and 1993 training camps there.)On March 30, 2012 at 2 PM Eastern Standard Time, President Barack Obama made his very first public appearance in the State of Vermont at the Gutterson Fieldhouse.The Vermont Principal's Association (VPA) also has held the boys' and girls' high school state ice hockey championships at the venue since 1976 (boys) and 2011 (girls).Gutterson Fieldhouse, along with Cairns Arena in nearby South Burlington served as venues for the 2012 IIHF Women's World Championship."@en .corpus70.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Marinucci> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Carla Marinucci is a political reporter for the San Francisco Chronicle, specializing in California state gubernatorial politics and national politics. Marinucci is a veteran California political reporter and has also covered business and crime in the past for the Contra Costa Times and The San Francisco Examiner. She has won more than two dozen national and state awards. Marinucci has broken numerous national political news stories, including about California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. She also appears frequently on the PBS Public Television show This Week in Northern California in the San Francisco Bay Area and has appeared several times on Hardball with Chris Matthews.She received international attention in April 2011 after posting a video on the internet of Barack Obama saying US Army Private Chelsea Manning (then known as Bradley) \"broke the law\". Supporters of Manning accused Obama of jeopardising Manning's chances of receiving a fair trial. Marinucci was punished by the White House which withdrew her privileges. The White House was then accused of hypocrisy. The San Francisco Chronicle accused the White House of a \"credibility gap on press coverage\".Carla also appears on the Ronn Owens KGO talk show in San Francisco."@en .corpus70.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_Hernández_(musician)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "José L. Hernández Born August 27, 1958 in Mexicali, Baja, California, Jose is the youngest of eight children (Esteban and Maria Eva Hernàndez, parents). He is the founder of Mariachi Sol de Mexico http://www.soldemexicoonline.com/josebio.html and Mariachi Reyna de Los Angeles® http://www.reynadelosangeles.com/biopdf.html —America’s first all-female professional mariachi ensemble.He has worked with many famous musicians in Latin music, including Selena, Linda Ronstadt, Vicente Fernández and Lola Beltrán.He is perhaps the most famous Mariachi leader in the United States and is recognized internationally as the most innovative force behind mariachi music in the last thirty years. José immigrated to the United States when he was four years old (1962) and spent his youth growing up in Pico Rivera, California. He began to sing at four and play trumpet in his school’s music program at age ten. His interest in music eventually led him to study arranging and composition at the Grove School of Music in Hollywood 1979 to 1982.Established in 1986, Hernàndez is owner of a very successful nightclub—Cielito Lindo Restaurant in South El Monte, California.1991 - http://www.mariachiheritagesociety.com/ Jose founded the Mariachi Heritage Society, a 501c3 non-profit organization whose purpose is to teach mariachi music to children. Over 7,000 young people have been served through this successful music program.1979 - Married. Teresa Alicia. Four children Karina born in 1986, Melody born in 1991 and twins Cristian and Crystal born in 2000. His daughter Melody is following in her father’s footsteps pursuing a career in music in New York City 2013.José L. Hernàndez and his Mariachi Sol de Mexico® have a biography and history as rich and colorful as mariachi music itself. www.soldemexicoonline.com A proud fifth generation mariachi musician, Maestro Hernandez’ mariachi roots trace back to 1879 to the birthplace of mariachi, the State of Jalisco, Mexico.Ever since he founded Mariachi Sol de Mexico® in 1981, Jose Hernandez has gone on to break countless barriers in the world of mariachi music and is recognized as having turned the genre into the international sensation it is today.Jose Hernandez is the first mariachi musician to have arranged, composed and conducted for numerous international symphony orchestras. His platinum selling Mariachi Sol de Mexico® became the first mariachi ensemble to be nominated for a Grammy 2001 Tequila con Limon CD & 2007 Anniversary CD. Among others, he has arranged and produced recordings for Vikki Carr Youtube Video Link  2012, Jose Feliciano, and Shaila Durcal.Jose Hernandez is shaping the world of Mariachi Education through a number of partnerships. He serves as a Mariachi Education Consultant to Music Education Consultants, Inc., and in this capacity, guides and assists educators and school districts alike in the implementation and development of quality, standards-based Mariachi Programs. West Music Company, based in Coralville, IA, is the sole distributor of his student and professional Signature Series lines of vihuelas and guitarrones which have become the new standard for these indigenous instruments. Through the Conn-Selmer Company, Jose has developed the brand new, highly acclaimed Bach Stradivarius Trumpet LR19043B. Released at the NAMM Show in January 2013 http://www.hollywoodtoday.net/2013/01/29/namm-2013-mariachi-festival-and-workshop-to-promote-and-advocate-for-mariachi-programs-in-schools/, this instrument has been hailed as a revelation in the industry by numerous artists representing a variety of genres from Jazz to Classical. The Spring of 2013 will see the release of a series of five arrangements for Beginning Mariachi Ensembles through his partnership with the Hal Leonard Company .2012 Mariachinationals Jose Hernandez’ Mariachi Nationals and Summer Institute for performers from throughout the world who seek to enhance their own playing skills through study with the famed members of Mariachi Sol de Mexico®.Mariachi Sol de Mexico® continues to travel the world as Ambassadors of mariachi music having performed to sold-out audiences throughout the world including Spain, Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Venezuela, Mexico, China, and even North Korea. Soldemexicoonline.com Jose Hernandez has performed for five U.S. Presidents: Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama.October 2001: Jose Hernandez recognized as one of the top 100 most influential Latino’s in America.Jose Hernandez and his Mariachi Sol de Mexico® are an undeniable institution in the world of mariachi music. They continue to leave an incredible legacy through many of their recordings as well as their contributions to Hollywood, including film scores for Seabiscuit movie released July 25, 2003 IMDB Link (soundtrack 2003 IMDB soundtrack), the wonderful ice-cream suit 1998 IMDB Old Gringo October 6, 1989 IMDB, American Me 1992, Don Juan de Marco 1995 Don Juan DeMarco Wiki Link, A Million to Juan 1994 IMDB Link, Glory Road 2006, Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2008, 2011 Youtube Link and 2012, Rango 2011 Wiki Page for Rango 2011 Film IMDB.It has been well documented throughout the mariachi world that Jose Hernandez and his Mariachi Sol de Mexico® are not only responsible for setting a new standard for all mariachi ensembles today, but also for immortalizing this wonderful, passionate music."@en .corpus70.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_District_Court_for_the_Western_District_of_Pennsylvania> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania (in case citations, W.D. Pa.) sits in Pittsburgh, Erie, and Johnstown, Pennsylvania. It is composed of ten judges as authorized by federal law. Steven Richard Frank is currently the nominee of President Barack Obama (as of June 2011) to be the United States Marshal for the Western Pennsylvania District Court. Appeals from this court are heard by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit (except for patent claims and claims against the U.S. government under the Tucker Act, which are appealed to the Federal Circuit)."@en .corpus70.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Singer_(journalist)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jonathan Hershel Singer (born April 15, 1984 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a progressive blogger. For five years, he was a writer for the progressive blog MyDD, which was credited by Campaigns and Elections magazine as being \"the first major liberal blog\".Singer is perhaps best known for his various interviews with prominent politicians, first for his own site, \"Basie!\", and then later for MyDD. Singer was also co-host of the MyDD Blog Talk Radio show, featuring the Award-Winning Best F&%#ing Political Team on Internet Radio consisting of Singer, Adam Conner, and Aaron Banks. His interviews have included former Democratic and Republican presidential nominees, such as John Kerry, Walter Mondale, Bob Dole, Michael Dukakis, and George McGovern, as well as candidates for the 2008 Democratic Party presidential nomination: Barack Obama, John Edwards, Bill Richardson, Chris Dodd, Russ Feingold and Tom Vilsack. He has also interviewed current and former leaders like Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, and former House Speaker Tom Foley, and dozens of senatorial, congressional and gubernatorial candidates all around the country.In his writing, Singer primarily covers all aspects of campaigns and elections, from polling and fund-raising to opposition research and insider rumors. He has been quoted or cited in this capacity by Newsweek, The New York Times, USA Today, The Politico, The Chronicle of Higher Education, and others.He currently blogs at Polising.com.He has also taken an active role supporting the confirmation of 9th Circuit Court of Appeals nominee Goodwin Liu, earning him the enmity of conservatives such as Ed Whelan.Singer, who grew up in Portland, Oregon, graduated from Pomona College in Claremont, California in May 2006 with a degree in Politics and earned a law degree from Boalt Hall at the University of California, Berkeley in May 2010."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beeghly_Center> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Beeghly Physical Education Center, or simply Beeghly Center, is a 6,300-seat multi-purpose arena in Youngstown, Ohio. The arena, built at a cost of $5.5 million and named for local businessman Leon A. Beeghly, opened on December 2, 1972. It is home to the Youngstown State University Penguins basketball, volleyball, and swimming teams.  The first event at the arena was a basketball game against the Ohio University Bobcats, which ended in a 68-59 Youngstown State victory.The arena, which originally seated 6,000, has undergone many changes since its opened.  The Youngstown State women's basketball team moved into the arena in the mid-1970s.  In 1983, permanent seats at both ends of the court and 1,260 chairback  seats at mid-court were added.  On September 15, 1996, YSU dedicated Veterans' Plaza directly in front of Beeghly Center. This $500,000 community project was funded in-part through private donations to honor all United States Veterans.  In 2000,  the court was repainted, two additional scoreboards were added and expanded press-row seating was created.  In May 2002, the facility underwent more than $2.5 million in additional renovations, including a new front and rear lobby, new hallways and locker rooms and a new $150,000 sound system.The multipurpose facility includes an Olympic-sized swimming and diving facility, racquetball and squash courts, classrooms, and administrative offices. Beeghly is also home to the men's and women's basketball offices as well as the Olympic sports offices.In addition to YSU intercollegiate basketball and volleyball contests, as well as university events, Beeghly Center has served as the site for high school competitions, World Wrestling Entertainment matches (though the WWE now uses the newer Covelli Centre nearby when visiting Youngstown), concerts, tradeshows, and numerous other functions that dot the busy facility schedule throughout the year. The venue also hosted a Barack Obama rally in February 2008.The Beeghly Center holds many YSU classes throughout each semester, as well as the Youngstown City School District's \"All-City\" Science Fair competition. The facility is used for graduation ceremonies at the end of every semester.The facility should not be confused with the nearby—and newer--Beeghly Hall, where YSU's Beeghly College of Education is housed, and also holds YSU classes."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Muñoz> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "George Muñoz is president and co-founder of Muñoz Investment Banking Group.  The firm is primarily focused on financing and investments in the Emerging Markets Countries as well as in the U.S. Hispanic community.  He is also a Partner at Tobin & Muñoz, a Chicago-based law firm focused on commercial litigation and international corporate transactions, where he works out of the firm's Chicago and Washington, DC offices.Muñoz was the President and CEO of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC)[1]  from 1997 to 2001.  OPIC is an independent federal agency that provides political risk insurance, financing and private equity funds to U.S. private sector investments in developing countries.  When OPIC's future was in danger of not being reauthorized by the U.S. Congress, Munoz is credited with turning things around for the Agency and received bi-partisan support for its continuation as the primary agency for assisting private sector investments in the Emerging Market Countries.  He is also a former Assistant Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of the United States Department of the Treasury (1993–1997).  Mr. Muñoz is licensed in several states as an attorney and  certified public accountant. He is a member of the Board of Directors of Altria Group, Marriott International and National Geographic Society.  Munoz served as President of the Chicago Board of Education (1984–87) and became a national advocate for school reform and drop-out prevention programs. He received a law degree from Harvard Law School and a Master of Public Policy from the Harvard Kennedy School in 1978. He also holds a Master of Laws in Taxation degree from DePaul University (1984) and a BBA (Accounting) degree from the University of Texas at Austin (1974).  He is a Certified Financial Planner and formerly served on the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards. He is co-author of the book \"Renewing the American Dream: A Citizen's Guide For Restoring Our Competitive Advantage\" (Released July 2010, IMC Publishing).  The book discusses what America needs to do to keep its global competitive advantage and how the next 10 years (2010–2020) will determine if the United States retains its global leadership position in this 21st century. Munoz was appointed to the President's Commission on White House Fellows by President Barack Obama in 2009."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Civil_Rights_Institute> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Birmingham Civil Rights Institute is a large interpretive museum and research center in Birmingham, Alabama that depicts the struggles of the American Civil Rights Movement in the 1950s and 1960s. The Institute is located in the Civil Rights District, which includes the historic 16th Street Baptist Church, Kelly Ingram Park, Fourth Avenue Business District, and the Alabama Jazz Hall of Fame located in the Carver Theatre. The Institute opened in November 1992, and had more than 25,000 visitors during its first week.The Institute showcases a walking journey through the \"living institution\", which displays the lessons of the past as a positive way to chart new directions for the future. The permanent exhibitions are a self-directed journey through Birmingham's contributions to the Civil Rights Movement and human rights struggles. Multimedia exhibitions focus on the history of African-American life and the struggle for civil rights.  The Oral History Project, one of the museum's multimedia exhibits, documents Birmingham's role in the Civil Rights Movement through the voices of movement participants. The museum is an affiliate in the Smithsonian Affiliations program. Through this program the museum can acquire long-term loans and is currently hosting the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service exhibition \"Let Your Motto Be resistance.\"The archives of the Institute serve as a national resource for educators and researchers. They are a repository for the collection and preservation of civil rights documents and artifacts. The archival information system is computer-linked to the Birmingham Public Library and is a vital component of the Archives Division.The Birmingham Civil Rights Institute is also a community resource for meetings, seminars and workshops. A Community Meeting Room is available to local organizations.The museum is a member of the North American Reciprocal Museums program.On May 24, 2013, President Barack Obama signed into law H.R. 360 from the 113th United States Congress, a bill which awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to Addie Mae Collins, Denise McNair, Carole Robertson, and Cynthia Wesley to commemorate the lives they lost 50 years ago in the bombing of 16th Street Baptist Church.  The gold medal was given to the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute to display or loan out to other museums."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classified_information_in_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States government classification system is established under Executive Order 13526, the latest in a long series of executive orders on the topic. Issued by President Barack Obama in 2009, Executive Order 13526 replaced earlier executive orders on the topic and modified the regulations codified to 32 C.F.R. 2001. It lays out the system of classification, declassification, and handling of national security information generated by the U.S. government and its employees and contractors, as well as information received from other governments.The desired degree of secrecy about such information is known as its sensitivity. Sensitivity is based upon a calculation of the damage to national security that the release of the information would cause. The United States has three levels of classification: Confidential, Secret, and Top Secret. Each level of classification indicates an increasing degree of sensitivity. Thus, if one holds a Top Secret security clearance, one is allowed to handle information up to the level of Top Secret, including Secret and Confidential information. If one holds a Secret clearance, one may not then handle Top Secret information, but may handle Secret and Confidential classified information.The United States does not have British-style Official Secrets Act; instead, several laws protect classified information, including the Espionage Act of 1917,  the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 and the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982. A 2013 report to Congress noted that \"...criminal statutes that may apply to the publication of classified defense information ... have been used almost exclusively to prosecute individuals with access to classified information (and a corresponding obligation to protect it), who make it available to foreign agents, or to foreign agents who obtain classified information unlawfully while present in the United States. While prosecutions appear to be on the rise, leaks of classified information to the press have relatively infrequently been punished as crimes, and we are aware of no case in which a publisher of information obtained through unauthorized disclosure by a government employee has been prosecuted for publishing it.\"  The legislative and executive branches of government, including US presidents, have frequently leaked classified information to journalists. Congress has repeatedly resisted or failed to pass a law that generally outlaws disclosing classified information. Most espionage law only criminalizes national defense information; only a jury can decide if a given document meets that criteria, and judges have repeatedly said that being \"classified\" does not necessarily make information become related to the \"national defense\". Furthermore, by law, information may not be classified merely because it would be embarrassing or to cover illegal activity; information may only be classified to protect national security objectives."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_presidential_inauguration> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The inauguration of the president of the United States is a ceremonial event marking the commencement of a new four-year term of a president of the United States. The day a presidential inauguration occurs is known as \"Inauguration Day\" and occurs on January 20 (or 21st if the 20th is a Sunday). (Prior to the Twentieth Amendment, the date was March 4, the day of the year on which the Constitution of the United States first took effect in 1789; the last inauguration to take place on the older date was Franklin D. Roosevelt's first one on March 4, 1933.) The most recent public presidential inauguration ceremony, the swearing in of President Barack Obama to begin his second four-year term in office, took place on Monday, January 21, 2013.The only inauguration element mandated by the United States Constitution is that the president make an oath or affirmation before that person can \"enter on the Execution\" of the office of the presidency. However, over the years, various traditions have arisen that have expanded the inauguration from a simple oath-taking ceremony to a day-long event, including parades, speeches, and balls.From the presidency of Andrew Jackson through that of Jimmy Carter, the primary Inauguration Day ceremony took place on the Capitol's East Portico. Since the 1981 inauguration of Ronald Reagan, the ceremony has been held at the Capitol's West Front. The inaugurations of William Howard Taft in 1909 and Reagan in 1985 were moved indoors at the Capitol due to cold weather. The War of 1812 and World War II caused two inaugurations to be held at other locations in Washington, D.C.When George Washington was inaugurated, the oath was administered by Robert Livingston, Chancellor of New York State, in 1789, and by William Cushing, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, in 1793. Since Chief Justice Oliver Ellsworth swore in President John Adams, no chief justice has missed an Inauguration Day. When Inauguration Day has fallen on a Sunday, the chief justice has administered the oath to the president on the Sunday privately and then again the next day publicly.When a new president takes over mid-term due to the death or resignation of a president, the oath of office is administered but formal, public inauguration events have not been held."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_Memorial_Civic_Center> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Canton Memorial Civic Center is a multi-purpose arena in Canton, Ohio, USA. It was built in 1951. It was the home to the Canton Legends arena football team and Canton Invaders indoor soccer team and Ohio Aviators of the American Basketball Association. The Canton Memorial Civic Center is owned by the City of Canton and can hold up to 5,200 guests in the arena, and up to 600 guests in the McKinley Room.It is large enough that it hosts several concerts (music, children and comedy) each year, and yet intimate enough that it host many private and community events such as several of the annual Pro Football Hall of Fame festival events.In the 1980s and 1990s, it hosted many professional wrestling shows promoted by the National Wrestling Alliance and the World Wrestling Federation, including several broadcast episodes of WCW's Monday Nitro and the WWF's Monday Night Raw. On March 24, 2007, it held a \"Road to WrestleMania 23\" house show for World Wrestling Entertainment. It also held a SmackDown! house show, on January 5, 2008 and an ECW/Smackdown house show on August 31, 2009.On October 27, 2008, Barack Obama held a Closing Address Rally to a crowd of over 4,000.It has housed numerous professional sports teams in a variety of sports. The most notable team to player at the Civic Center was the Canton Invaders who played there for 13 consecutive seasons. Currently, the only professional sports team that calls Canton Memorial Civic center home is the Canton Charge of the NBA Development League which began play in 2011."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kennard> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William E. Kennard (born 1957 in Los Angeles, California) is the former U.S. Ambassador to the European Union. He was nominated by Barack Obama in August 2009 and confirmed by the U.S. Senate in November. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Kennard was Managing Director of the global private equity firm the Carlyle Group. He was also chairman of the  United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC) from 1997 to 2001, appointed by Bill Clinton in November 1997."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Cohen> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mary Ann Cohen (born New Mexico) is a Senior Judge of the United States Tax Court.Cohen attended public schools in Los Angeles before earning a B.S. from UCLA in 1964 and a J.D. from the University of Southern California Law School in 1967. Cohen then practiced law in Los Angeles with the law firm of Abbott & Cohen.Cohen was appointed by President Ronald Reagan as Judge, United States Tax Court, on September 24, 1982, for a term ending September 23, 1997. She served as Chief Judge from June 1, 1996 to September 23, 1997, and was reappointed by President Bill Clinton on November 7, 1997, for a term ending November 6, 2012. She served again as Chief Judge from November 7, 1997 to May 31, 2000. She took senior status on October 1, 2012. President Barack Obama nominated Tamara W. Ashford of Virginia to the U.S. Senate for a fifteen-year term, to succeed her."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_H._Gale> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joseph H. Gale (born Virginia, 1953) is a judge of the United States Tax Court.  He holds an A.B. in philosophy from Princeton University and obtained his law degree from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1980. After five years in private practice, he became an adviser to Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, and later held several positions in service to the United States Senate Committee on Finance until 1996.He was appointed by President Bill Clinton as a judge on the United States Tax Court on February 6, 1996, for a term ending February 5, 2011. He was reappointed by President Barack Obama on July 8, 2011.Gale is the first openly gay male appointed to the federal bench."@en .corpus71.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Wofford> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dan Wofford is a Democrat from the state of Pennsylvania.  He lost a close congressional race in the 6th district to Jim Gerlach in 2002.Wofford is the son of Pennsylvania senator Harris Wofford.  He worked in the governor's office and later directed the College Access Program, which helped low-income Philadelphia students prepare for college.In the 2002 congressional elections, Wofford was the Democratic nominee for the 6th US House district in Pennsylvania, a district gerrymandered with the goal of electing Republican State Senator Jim Gerlach.  His campaign website was given \"The Candidate Vanity Award\" by the political website PoliticsPA for its large photo of Wofford.The district was more competitive than voter registration numbers suggested, and the election was close:  Wofford lost 51%-49%.In 2008, Wofford was a delegate for Pennsylvania to the Democratic National Convention. He voted for Democratic nominee Barack Obama.Wofford graduated with a law degree from Georgetown University in 1983. He has a b.a. from Yale (history, 1977). He was the captain of the soccer team and an All-Pennsylvania lacrosse player at Harriton High School in Rosemont, Pa."@en .corpus72.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothman_Center> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rothman Center is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Hackensack, New Jersey. It was built in 1987 and is home to the Fairleigh Dickinson University Knights men's & women's basketball, volleyball, track & field teams, and many other sports.The center hosted the Northeast Conference men's basketball tournament final in the 2004-05 and 2005-06 seasons. The center also hosts various trade shows and special events ranging from doll shows and toy soldier shows to visits by Vice President George H.W. Bush in 1988 &  former President Bill Clinton as well as former Vice President Al Gore. On October 21, 2009 the Rothman Center was visited by President Barack Obama. President Obama visited the Rothman Center to rally for former Governor of New Jersey Jon S. Corzine. The Rothman Center is named for Mr.& Mrs. George Rothman, both of whom were generous benefactors to the university.The Northeast Conference men's basketball tournament was held there three times."@en .corpus72.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Vershbow> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alexander Russell \"Sandy\" Vershbow (born July 3, 1952) is an American ambassador and the current Deputy Secretary-General of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.From October, 2005 to October, 2008, he was the United States Ambassador to South Korea. Before that post he had been the ambassador to the Russian Federation from 2001 to 2005 and the ambassador to NATO from 1998 to 2001. For his work with NATO he was awarded the State Department's Distinguished Service Award. In March, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Vershbow as Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs, a position that holds responsibility for U.S. policy toward NATO, coordination of U.S. security and defense policies relating to the nations and international organizations of Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  He was confirmed in April, 2009. After almost three years with the U.S. Department of Defense, in February 2012, Vershbow moved back to Brussels where he took the position of Deputy Secretary General of NATO."@en .corpus72.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Holbert> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jerry Holbert is a cartoonist best known for his political cartoons.  He has a syndicated editorial comic strip. He received the National Cartoonist Society Editorial Cartoon Award for the year 2000.Holbert grew up in Middletown Township, New Jersey.He currently works for the Boston Herald newspaper, where he publishes editorial cartoons.In October 2014, Holbert came under criticism for what many people viewed as a racist depiction of United States President Barack Obama which used the watermelon stereotype: Holbert pictured a recent White House intruder using the president's bathtub while recommending to Obama the use of watermelon-flavored toothpaste.  After negative public reaction, Holbert and also the Boston Herald apologized, and the nationally-syndicated version of the cartoon was hastily edited to change the toothpaste flavor to raspberry."@en .corpus72.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Morin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jim Morin (born January 30, 1953 in Washington, D.C.) is the internationally syndicated editorial cartoonist at the Miami Herald since 1978 and a painter, usually working in the medium of oil, of more than 40 years. Morin won the Pulitzer Prize for editorial cartooning in 1996, he shared the Pulitzer with the Miami Herald Editorial Board in 1983 and was a Pulitzer finalist in 1977 and 1990. In 2007, he won the prestigious Herblock Prize.Internationally he has won the Thomas Nast Award, given every three years. Nationally, he has also been awarded the 2000 John Fischetti Award, the 1996 National Press Foundation Berryman Award, the 1992 National Cartoonist Society Editorial Cartoon Award, and the Overseas Press Club Awards in 1990 and 1979. He is syndicated nationally and internationally by his own, Morintoons Syndicate, at http://www.jimmorin.com. He was previously syndicated by CWS/The New York Times Syndicate for some seven years and by King Features Syndicate for some 24 years.He is also the author of several books: \"Line of Fire, Political Cartoons by Jim Morin,\" \"Bushed\" and \"Ambushed.\" (The latter two cartoon collections contained words by Walter C. Clements.) His work has also been shown in compendiums of political cartoons and on the PBS documentary, \"The American Presidents.\" Morin's watercolor work is evident in his book, \"Jim Morin's Field Guide to Birds.\"Upon awarding the Herblock Prize to Morin, Harry Katz, the Herb Block Foundation curator, praised Morin for his \"impressive, unrelenting barrage of cartoons and caricatures displaying artistry, courage and conviction.\"His cartoons have been exhibited worldwide, most recently at the University of Miami's Lowe Art Museum, where he spoke to a packed and standing audience. His retrospective exhibition of cartoons at the International Museum of Cartoon Art hung for nine months due to popular demand.Morin's cartoons and caricatures run in newspapers in states including New York, Alaska, Colorado, Ohio, Oregon, California, Michigan, Arkansas, Tennessee, Virginia, Washington, D.C., Texas, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, in national magazines, various books and on Internet sites and magazines. His cartoons have included extensive comment on eight U.S. presidents: Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama. Morin has been interviewed on CNN, WFOR, NPR, Sky News (the 24-hour European television news station), Comcast Newsmakers and several other television programs.Morin commented on his cartoon work prior to the 2008 election: \"The consensus among cartoonists is that caricature is created solely through exaggerating physical features relative to the appearance of the subject. I've never agreed with this slide-rule approach. Caricature is a visual commentary on what kind of man or woman that politician is. Just as important as physical appearance is how they sound, what they say, what they stand for, their accomplishments or lack thereof, and so on. Caricatures are not mere likenesses; they are psychologicalportraits that stem from something deeper than human anatomy.\"Cartoonists are always asked during an election how they like drawing candidates. The better time to ask this question is four years after the election. Caricatures evolve over time the same way an administration does. My George W. Bush drawings when he was running in 1999 are a far cry from what they are now. With each scandal, screw-up, flip-flop and outrage, he grew angrier, meaner and very much smaller. When Gerald Ford first took over the presidency, cartoonists were whining about his 'dull' physical appearance. Yet when Ford tripped down the stairs of Air Force One, at the same time proposing to fight against inflation with WIN buttons, those caricatures of him started to gel really fast. Richard Nixon? Say no more! He's the perfect storm of personality, policy and appearance.\"Hillary was (and will be) a great joy to draw. She has always struck me as someone playing a leader as opposed to actually being one. Her speeches sound as if she is trying to be someone else—JFK, Roosevelt, Reagan, Bill or Barack. The phoniness is inescapable. Cartoonists focus on her rabbit-like front teeth, but for me Hillary's ruthless ambition can be seen in her piercing eyes. The only downside of her: her ever-changing hairstyle drives caricaturists nuts.\"McCain is fun to draw because we know him already to some extent: the 'maverick,' independent thinker, unpredictability, volcanic temper, goofiness, bad jokes. After having drawn him many times, I once put a very long distance between the bottom of his nose and his mouth. For some reason, it worked, it visually said 'John McCain.' That exaggeration makes no sense when you measure his facial features, but it feels appropriate when you hear the sound of his voice.\"Barack Obama is problematic because we don't know him yet and therefore have little of substance to go on. Race, by the way, has nothing to do with it. Caricature is colorblind, and everyone is treated with equal malice. The more Obama resorts to platitudes, flip-flops, verbal bumbles and fumbles, the more his caricature will evolve and stretch. This current lack of familiarity is one reason why drawings of Obama are now fairly literal with little exaggeration. If he is elected, that will change and it will be a change you can believe in.\"Morin has only in recent years begun to show his paintings. The Coral Springs Museum of Art exhibited a large body of his work in its two-month show, \"Jim Morin -- Art of Politics Drawings & Paintings\" in 2008. His canvasses have been exhibited in Miami group shows at the Museum of Science, the Art Collector's Gallery, the Don Webb Gallery, the Virginia Miller Gallery and Patou Fine Art. He had a one-man show at the Futernick Gallery in Miami in 2006. On the web, his paintings can be viewed on his website and at that of Absolute Arts.Morin began drawing at age seven. As an avid watcher of the television cartoons of the day (particularly the work of Hanna-Barbera), Morin began to develop his own cartoon characters, some of which were registered in the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office by his father, attorney Charles H. Morin. He attended the Rivers School in Weston, Massachusetts and Suffield Academy in Connecticut, and studied painting and drawing at Syracuse University under Jerome Witkin. \"He was the only teacher I had who saw cartoons as paintings, as art,\" Morin says. \"Painting has made me more conscious...my paintings affect my drawings and vice versa.\" During his time at Syracuse, he was the editorial cartoonist for The Daily Orange. Following college, Morin served a brief stint as the editorial cartoonist at the The Beaumont Enterprise before moving on to Richmond, Virginia, where he spent one year as the editorial cartoonist at the Richmond Times-Dispatch. During his time in Richmond, Morin became a close professional acquaintance of Jeff MacNelly, the Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist at the Richmond News Leader. Upon MacNelly's passing in 2000, Morin accepted the invitation of colleague Dave Barry to contribute to  A quiet genius: remembering Jeff MacNelly.Morin was raised in the Boston suburb of Wayland. He lives with his wife, the writer, Danielle Flood, in Florida."@en .corpus73.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada's_2nd_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nevada's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district that includes the northern third of the state.  It includes most of Lyon County, all of Churchill, Douglas,  Elko, Eureka, Humboldt, Lander, Pershing, Storey and Washoe counties, as well as the state capital, Carson City.  The largest city in the district is Reno, the state's third largest city.  Although the district appears rural, its politics are dominated by Reno and Carson City, which combined cast over 85 percent of the district's vote.The district was initially created after the 1980 Census.  From then until 2013, it occupied all of the state outside of Clark County, and some parts of Clark County.  It was the third-largest congressional district by land area and was the largest district that did not consist of an entire state.Historically, the 2nd has had a heavy Republican lean.  Republicans have held the district since its creation, and Democrats have only made three serious bids for the seat. In presidential elections, the district has historically voted Republican; George W. Bush won the district by 20 points in 2000 and 16 points in 2004. However, in the 2008 election John McCain earned only 88 votes more (out of 335,720 votes) than Barack Obama in the district.Republican Mark Amodei has held the seat since 2011."@en .corpus73.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunham_(surname)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dunham is a surname of English origins and may refer to: Ann Dunham, Anthropologist and pioneer in the field of microfinance in Southeast Asia for whom the Ann Dunham Soetoro Endowed Fund at the University of Hawaii is named, mother of U.S. President Barack Obama and Maya Soetoro-Ng Archie W. Dunham, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Conoco Inc., and Horatio Alger Award recipient Cyrus Livingston Dunham, American Civil War Colonel, U.S. Representative from Indiana Deacon John Dunham, Prominent early American settler, Deputy in the Legislative Assembly of the Plymouth Colony  Jason L. Dunham, United States Marine Corps Corporal awarded the Medal of Honor by U.S. President George W. Bush posthumously, for whom the United States Navy destroyer USS Jason Dunham (DDG-109) is named  Jeff Dunham, American ventriloquist and prop-comedian Jeremiah Dunham Botkin, U.S. Representative from Kansas Jonathan Singletary Dunham, Member of the New Jersey Provincial Congress, U.S. President Barack Obama’s eighth great-grandfather, and the first of Obama’s ancestors to be born in North America Katherine Dunham, American choreographer Sir Kingsley Charles Dunham, British geologist Lena Dunham, New York-based filmmaker Madelyn Lee Payne Dunham and Stanley Armour Dunham, grandparents of U.S. President Barack Obama who helped in raising him as a child in Honolulu, Hawaii  Mark Wentworth Dunham, known for the introduction and breeding of Percheron horses in America Mike Dunham, American ice hockey player Ransom W. Dunham, U.S. Representative from Illinois William Dunham (mathematician) William Riley Dunham, member of the Indiana General Assembly, and great-great-great uncle of President Barack Obama"@en .corpus73.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Burris> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Roland Wallace Burris (born August 3, 1937) is a former United States Senator from the state of Illinois and a member of the Democratic Party.In 1978, Burris was the first African-American elected to statewide office in Illinois, when he was elected Illinois Comptroller. He served in that office until his election as Illinois Attorney General in 1990. Since then, he has unsuccessfully run for office four more times.Burris was appointed by Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich to replace President-Elect Barack Obama as the junior senator from Illinois. The appointment was controversial, as the governor was already under investigation and there were rumors of his being paid for the appointment. Prior to Burris's appointment, Obama was the U.S. Senate's only African American member; he resigned his Senate seat after being elected President of the United States."@en .corpus74.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Butler> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Louis Bennett Butler, Jr. (born 1952) is a former justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court. Butler was appointed to the Supreme Court by Governor Jim Doyle in August 2004;  his term expired on July 31, 2008.  He is the first African American to serve on the Wisconsin Supreme Court. Louis Butler was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois.  He earned his bachelor’s degree from Lawrence University in 1973 and his law degree from the University of Wisconsin Law School in 1977.After serving as an assistant state public defender from 1979 to 1992, Louis Butler was appointed to the Municipal Court in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He served as a municipal judge until 2002, when he was elected to Branch 9 of the Milwaukee County Circuit Court. Butler also served as an adjunct professor at Marquette University Law School.Butler campaigned for a seat on the Wisconsin Supreme Court in 2000, but lost his election bid to incumbent Diane Sykes by a wide margin.  After being appointed to the Wisconsin Supreme Court in 2004, he was defeated by the Judge Michael Gableman in the April 1, 2008 elections. Butler was the first sitting Wisconsin Supreme Court justice to be defeated in a reelection campaign since 1967. The Wall Street Journal argued this loss stemmed from opinions he wrote in medical malpractice, search and seizure and product liability cases. Business groups, including Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce (WMC), paid for an unprecedented number of issue ads in this campaign cycle, although the Butler campaign outspent Gableman's by several hundred thousand dollars.Since his defeat, Butler has agreed to serve a two-year term as Justice-in-Residence at the University of Wisconsin Law School, where he will teach several courses and clinics.On September 30, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Butler to serve as United States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin. However, his nomination was returned to the President on December 24, 2009. Obama renominated Butler on January 20, 2010, but the Senate returned the nomination to the President on August 5, 2010. Obama then renominated Butler on September 13, 2010. NPR commented on the Senate's reluctance to confirm Butler in an August 4, 2011 article, stating that \"Some of the longest waiting nominees, Louis Butler of Wisconsin, Charles Bernard Day of Maryland and Edward Dumont of Washington happen to be black or openly gay\". His nomination was returned to the President on December 17, 2011, pursuant to the rules of the Senate."@en .corpus74.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_K._Reilly> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "William Kane Reilly (born January 26, 1940) was Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under President George H. W. Bush.  He has served as president of World Wildlife Fund, as a founder or advisor to several business ventures, and on many boards of directors.  In 2010, he was appointed by President Barack Obama co-chair of the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling to investigate the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico."@en .corpus74.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrlie_Evers-Williams> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Myrlie Evers-Williams (born March 17, 1933) is a civil rights activist and journalist who worked for over three decades to seek justice for the murder of her civil rights activist husband Medgar Evers in 1963. She was also chairwoman of the NAACP, and published several books on topics related to civil rights and her husband’s legacy.  On January 21, 2013, she delivered the invocation at the second inauguration of Barack Obama."@en .corpus74.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_kissing> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Baby kissing is a practice where politicians kiss babies in order to garner public support. The practice appears to have originated during the era of Jacksonian democracy along with other techniques such as \"banners, badges, parades, barbecues, free drinks and baby kissing [which were used] in an effort to 'get out the vote'\". City and county office candidates may frequently practice baby kissing on the campaign trail, but on the state and federal levels this is rare or even discouraged, as expressed by the administrations of U.S. Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush, and recently Barack Obama."@en .corpus75.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Mitchell_Wells> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nina Mitchell Wells is a former Secretary of State of New Jersey.  She served in the cabinet of Governor Jon Corzine.  Prior to assuming her cabinet post in January 2006, Wells served as a vice president at Schering-Plough and as an assistant dean at Rutgers School of Law—Newark.  Wells received her Juris Doctor from Suffolk University Law School in Boston, Massachusetts.As Secretary of State, Wells served a set term of four years, concurrent to the term of the governor.  Her term expired on January 19, 2010. As Secretary, she is the state's chief elections officer, oversees tourism, historical affairs, cultural and arts programs, Native American affairs, literacy, volunteerism, the state archives and the state museum. She and her husband, criminal defense lawyer Ted Wells, reside in Livingston, New Jersey.In 2008, Wells was named as a defendant in the case Donofrio v. Wells, an attempt to force her to stay the presidential election in New Jersey pending investigations into the citizenship of Barack Obama. The case was ultimately unsuccessful."@en .corpus76.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_D._McKiernan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David D. McKiernan (born December 11, 1950) is a retired United States Army four-star general who served in Afghanistan as Commander, International Security Assistance Force (ISAF).  He served concurrently as Commander, U.S. Forces Afghanistan (USFOR-A) from October 6, 2008, to June 15, 2009.Prior to Afghanistan, McKiernan was Commanding General, U.S. Army, Europe and Seventh U.S. Army from December 14, 2005, to May 2, 2008.  Before promotion to four-star rank, he served as Commanding General, Third U.S. Army and Coalition Forces Land Component Command (CFLCC) from 2002 to 2004, where he commanded all allied ground forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and as Deputy Commanding General, U.S. Army Forces Command, the Army's largest major command, from 2004 to 2005.Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said new leadership was needed as the administration of President Barack Obama launched a new strategy in the seven-year-old Afghanistan war. McKiernan was replaced by two generals, General Stanley A. McChrystal (Commander) and Lieutenant General David Rodriguez (Deputy Commander), ISAF and USFOR-A."@en .corpus76.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Education_and_Sharing_Day> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Education and Sharing Day is a day made by the United States Congress in honor of the Lubavitcher Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson (1902-1994). It honors his efforts for education and sharing for Jews and non-Jews alike. During his lifetime the Rabbi opened scores of centers of education called \"Chabad Houses\".  The day was inaugurated April 18, 1978, by President Jimmy Carter and has since been proclaimed, by the presiding President, annually on the Jewish birthday of Menachem Mendel Schneerson (11 Nissan), which generally falls out in April.President Ronald Reagan wrote in his proclamation of 1982:One shining example for people of all faiths of what education ought to be is that provided by the Lubavitch movement, headed by Rabbi Menachem Schneerson, a worldwide spiritual leader who will celebrate his 80th birthday on April 4, 1982. The Lubavitcher Rebbe's work stands as a reminder that knowledge is an unworthy goal unless it is accompanied by moral and spiritual wisdom and understanding. He has provided a vivid example of the eternal validity of the Seven Noahide Laws, a moral code for all of us regardless of religious faith. May he go from strength to strength.In recognition of the Lubavitcher Rebbe's 80th birthday, the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States in Congress assembled have issued House Joint Resolution 447 to set aside April 4, 1982, as a \"National Day of Reflection.\"President George H. W. Bush wrote in his proclamation of 1989:It is fitting that we honor Rabbi Schneerson and acknowledge his important contributions to society. Our great Nation takes just pride in its dedication to the principles of justice, equality, and truth. Americans also understand that we have a responsibility to inspire the same dedication in future generations. We owe a tremendous debt to Rabbi Schneerson and to all those who promote education that embraces moral and ethical values and emphasizes their importance.In recognition of Rabbi Schneerson's vital efforts, and in celebration of his 87th birthday, the Congress, by House Joint Resolution 173, has designated April 16, 1989, and April 6, 1990, as \"Education Day, U.S.A.President Bill Clinton wrote in his proclamation of 1995:\"Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the Lubavitcher Rebbe, well understood the importance of nurturing the heart along with the mind. Throughout his long and rich life, he believed that the education of our young people would only be successful if it sought to build character as well as intellect, if it taught the lessons of honesty, tolerance, and good citizenship, as well as language, math, and science.This year, let us rededicate ourselves to teaching the love of learning that was championed by Rabbi Schneerson and is strengthened by caring leaders like him throughout our Nation. As we provide our students with the information and practical tools they need, let us also pass on to them the capacity for understanding that can help to give fuller meaning to their lives.\"President George W. Bush wrote in his proclamation on Education and Sharing Day 2007:\"Education and Sharing Day honors the legacy of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson and emphasizes our commitment to teach the next generation of Americans the values that make our country strong. The Lubavitcher Rabbi believed that society should 'make a new commitment to kindness,' and he helped to establish education and outreach centers offering social service programs and humanitarian aid around the world.\"President Barack Obama wrote in his proclamation on Education & Sharing Day 2009:\"Few have better understood or more successfully promoted these ideas than Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the Lubavitcher Rebbe, who emphasized the importance of education and good character. Through the establishment of educational and social service institutions across the country and the world, Rabbi Schneerson sought to empower young people and inspire individuals of all ages. On this day, we raise his call anew.\"The 1991 bill described the Noahide Laws as the \"ethical values and principles which are the basis of civilized society and upon which our great Nation was founded\".President George W. Bush called upon \"government officials, educators, volunteers, and all the people of the United States to reach out to young people and work to create a better, brighter, and more hopeful future for all.\""@en .corpus77.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altair_(spacecraft)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Altair spacecraft, previously known as the Lunar Surface Access Module or LSAM, was the planned lander spacecraft component of NASA's cancelled Project Constellation. Astronauts would have used the spacecraft for landings on the Moon, which was intended to begin around 2019. The Altair spacecraft was planned to be used both for lunar sortie and lunar outpost missions. On February 1, 2010, U.S. President Barack Obama announced a proposal to cancel the Constellation program (except the Orion spacecraft), to be replaced with a re-scoped program, effective with the U.S. 2011 fiscal year budget."@en .corpus77.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alligator_(The_National_album)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alligator is the third studio album by American indie rock band The National, released on April 12, 2005 on Beggars Banquet. Recorded and produced by Peter Katis and Paul Mahajan, the album brought The National critical acclaim and increased their fanbase significantly. Alligator appeared on many year-end top 10 lists, including Uncut and Planet Sound, both of which ranked it as the number two album of 2005. Pitchfork Media ranked Alligator at number 40 in their top albums of the 2000s list. Alligator has sold over 200,000 copies worldwide.The band performed album track \"The Geese of Beverly Road\" at the wedding of producer Peter Katis. A photo of the band performing on stage, with couples dancing in the foreground, became the cover of the band's next album Boxer.The band supported Barack Obama's presidential candidacy in 2008. In July of that year, the band designed and sold a T-shirt featuring Obama's image above the words \"Mr. November,\" a reference to both the closing track on the album and the month of the U.S. presidential election. All proceeds were donated to Obama's campaign. The song had been written, in part, about John Kerry's candidacy four years earlier."@en .corpus77.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_policy_of_the_United_States> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The energy policy of the United States is determined by federal, state and local entities in the United States, which address issues of energy production, distribution, and consumption, such as building codes and gas mileage standards. Energy policy may include legislation, international treaties, subsidies and incentives to investment, guidelines for energy conservation, taxation and other public policy techniques.Several mandates have been proposed over the years, such as gasoline will never exceed $1.00/gallon (Nixon), and the United States will never again import as much oil as it did in 1977 (Carter), but no comprehensive long-term energy policy has been proposed, although there has been concern over this failure.   Three Energy Policy Acts have been passed, in 1992, 2005, and 2007, which include many provisions for conservation, such as the Energy Star program, and energy development, with grants and tax incentives for both renewable energy and non-renewable energy.There is also criticism that federal energy policies since the 1973 oil crisis have been dominated by crisis-mentality thinking, promoting expensive quick fixes and single-shot solutions that ignore market and technology realities. Instead of providing stable rules that support basic research while leaving plenty of scope for American entrepreneurship and innovation, congresses and presidential administrations have repeatedly backed policies which promise solutions that are politically expedient, but whose prospects are doubtful, without adequate consideration of the dollar costs, environmental costs, or national security costs of their actions.State-specific energy-efficiency incentive programs also play a significant role in the overall energy policy of the United States.The United States refused to endorse the Kyoto Protocol, preferring to let the market drive CO2 reductions to mitigate global warming, which will require CO2 emission taxation. The administration of Barack Obama has proposed an aggressive energy policy reform, including the need for a reduction of CO2 emissions, with a cap and trade program, which could help encourage more clean renewable, sustainable energy development. Thanks to new technologies such as fracking, the United States has in 2014 resumed its former role as the top oil producer in the world."@en .corpus77.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_y_Gabriela> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Rodrigo y Gabriela (Rodrigo and Gabriela) are a Mexican acoustic guitar duo whose music is influenced by a number of genres including nuevo flamenco, rock, and heavy metal. The duo's recordings consist largely of instrumental duets on the classical guitar. Currently residing in Mexico City, they began their career in Dublin, Ireland, during an eight-year stay. They have released five studio albums, three live albums and one EP. In 2011 they collaborated with Hans Zimmer on the Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides soundtrack while also contributing to the soundtrack for the Shrek prequel Puss in Boots. They have toured internationally and in May 2010, performed at The White House for President Barack Obama."@en .corpus77.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "\"The Adventure\" is a song by American alternative rock band Angels & Airwaves and the lead single from their 2006 debut album, We Don't Need to Whisper. It was also the first full song to be heard by fans. \"The Adventure\" entered the UK singles chart at its peak position, #20.The song received increased attention when it aired on a Smallville trailer. After the season finale of Smallville aired, \"The Adventure\" climbed to #30 on Amazon.During concerts, DeLonge has often used both \"Down\" and \"I Miss You\" by Blink-182 as part of an extended intro to the song.The track was played in the crowd warm-up session before Barack Obama's presidential election rallies in 2008.\"The Adventure\" is also featured as downloadable content in the karaoke game Lips and in the music game  Rock Band. It is also a playable song in the music game Band Hero.The song was also featured on a Ford and X-Play commercial."@en .corpus78.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welsh_American> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Welsh Americans are Americans whose ancestry originates wholly or partly in Wales.  In the 2008 U.S. Census community survey, an estimated 1.98 million Americans had Welsh ancestry, 0.6% of the total U.S. population.  This compares with a population of 3 million in Wales.  However, 3.8% of Americans appear to bear a Welsh surname.There have been several U.S. Presidents with Welsh ancestry including Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, John Quincy Adams, James A. Garfield, Calvin Coolidge, Richard Nixon, and Barack Obama. Confederate President Jefferson Davis, Confederate General P.G.T. Beauregard, U.S. Vice President Hubert Humphrey, and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton are also of Welsh heritage.The proportion of the population with a name of Welsh origin ranges from 9.5% in South Carolina to 1.1% in North Dakota. Typically names of Welsh origin are concentrated in the mid Atlantic states, the Carolinas, Georgia and Alabama and in Appalachia, West Virginia and Tennessee. By contrast there are relatively fewer Welsh names in New England, the northern mid West, and the South West."@en .corpus78.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George's_County_Public_Schools> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Prince George's County Public Schools System (PGCPS) is a large public school district administered by the government of Prince George's County, Maryland, United States and is overseen by the Maryland State Department of Education. The school system is headquartered in Upper Marlboro and the district serves Prince George's County. The district is headed by Kevin M. Maxwell  and a 14-member Board of Education.With approximately 125,136 students enrolled for the 2013-14 school year, the Prince George's County Public Schools system is the second largest school district in the state of Maryland; the third largest school district in both the Washington Metropolitan Area and Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area, after Fairfax County Public Schools in Virginia and Montgomery County Public Schools in Maryland; and it's one of the top 25 largest school districts in the nation. PGCPS operates 204 schools and special centers which include: 122 elementary schools (PreK-5), 24 middle schools (6-8), 23 high schools (9-12), and 12 academies (PreK-8). The school system also operates 9 special centers, 2 vocational centers, 5 alternative schools, 8 public charter schools, and the Howard B. Owens Science Center, serving students from Pre-Kindergarten through Grade 12. PGCPS operates the two largest high schools in the state of Maryland — (Dr. Henry A. Wise, Jr. High School and Northwestern High School), respectively. The school system transports over 90,536 students, daily, by its fleet of 1,335 GPS-equipped school buses, on 5,616 bus routes. PGCPS employs approximately 18,000 staff members which includes an estimated 9,000 teachers. The approved operating budget for FY2012–13 is approximately US$1.6 billion with a per pupil expenditure of US$11,753. Average teacher salary ranges from US$55,689 for teachers with a Bachelor's Degree to US$80,009 for teachers with a Doctorate's Degree.Kevin M. Maxwell is the new CEO (superintendent) of the school system, Maxwell is a product of Prince George's County Public Schools, having graduated from Bladensburg High School. replacing Alvin Crawley. Maxwell came from the Anne Arundel County Public Schools system, where he led the school district as superintendent for seven years. Maxwell served as an educator within the school district for 22 years as a teacher, then principal and Chief Educational Administrator at Northwestern High School and its feeder schools, before leaving PGCPS in 2000 to become principal at Walter Johnson High School in Montgomery County. Outgoing interim superintendent, Alvin Crawley, withdrew his name from the running for permanent superintendent, due to a massive reorganization of the PGCPS Board of Education that was spearheaded by current county executive, Rushern Baker, which would limit the powers of the school board and give more control to the superintendent.In terms of racial demographics, African-Americans make up the majority of the systems students at 67.4%, followed by 22.6% Hispanic, 4.6% Caucasian, 2.9% Asian, and remaining 2.4% comprising various other races.In June 2009, the PGCPS became one of the first school systems in America, to name one of their schools after current President Barack Obama. Barack Obama Elementary School, in Upper Marlboro, opened in August 2010."@en .corpus78.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lordstown_Assembly> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Lordstown Complex is a General Motors automobile factory in Lordstown, Ohio comprising three facilities: Vehicle Assembly, Metal Center, and Paint Shop.  The plant opened in 1966. Lordstown currently builds the global Chevrolet Cruze compact car.In 2006, as part of GM scaling back production nationwide, the third shift at the Lordstown plant ceased operations. An employee buyout and early retirements eliminated the need for layoffs.  In the summer of 2008, when gas prices soared, the third shift returned in August due to increased demand of the Chevrolet Cobalt, resulting in the creation of nearly 1,000 jobs.  Shortly thereafter, General Motors entered into bankruptcy, and two shifts were cut. In 2010, in preparation to build the new compact Chevrolet Cruze, all members laid off from the plant returned to work.  Numerous workers from shuttered GM plants in the US were moved to Lordstown for the open positions.  The plant is currently operating on a three-shift schedule with approximately 4,500 employees.  During the 2008 presidential campaign, both Hillary Clinton and John McCain made stops at Lordstown.  Shortly after election Barack Obama visited Lordstown to celebrate new product announcements and to proclaim success for the auto industry rescue."@en .corpus78.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama's_3rd_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alabama's 3rd congressional district is a United States congressional district in Alabama that elects a representative to the United States House of Representatives. It is based in east central Alabama and encompasses portions of Montgomery and the entirety of Calhoun, Chambers, Cherokee, Clay, Cleburne, Lee, Macon, Randolph, Russell, St. Clair, Talladega, and Tallapoosa counties. The district takes in some of the city of Montgomery. Other cities in the district include Talladega, Tuskegee and Auburn. At the federal level, the district is fairly Republican-leaning, albeit not as strongly as many of the other districts in the state. John McCain carried the district in 2008 with 56.21% of the vote while Barack Obama clinched 43.04% of the vote. The district is currently represented by Republican Mike Rogers and was once represented by Bob Riley, the former Governor of Alabama."@en .corpus78.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_State_for_Management> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of State for Management (USS-M) is a position within the United States Department of State that serves as principal adviser to the Secretary of State and Deputy Secretary of State on matters relating to the allocation and use of Department of State budget, physical property, and personnel, including planning, the day-to-day administration of the Department, and proposals for institutional reform and modernization.The Under Secretary is appointed by the President of the United States with the consent of the United States Senate to serve at the request of the President. The current Under Secretary is Patrick F. Kennedy, who appointed on November 6, 2007 by President George W. Bush and then retained by President Barack Obama."@en .corpus78.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azarias_Ruberwa> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Azarias Ruberwa Manywa (born August 20, 1964) is a Congolese politician, lawyer, and public figure. He was one of four vice-presidents in the transitional government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo between 2003-2006.  He has been president of the Rassemblement Congolais pour la Démocratie since 2003 and unsuccessfully ran as a candidate for president in 2006. Former U.S. Presidential speechwriter John Shosky has ranked Ruberwa 6th on a list of the top greatest global political speakers. The list also included other notable politicians such as former British PM Tony Blair and U.S. President Barack Obama. His Excellency is a member of the Banyamulenge community of South Kivu who belong to the Tutsi tribe.Ruberwa trained as a lawyer at the University of Lubumbashi. He also practiced law in Lubumbashi before the AFDL war in 1996. After losing the presidential election in 2006, he became a member of the bar in Kinshasa and reopened his law practice.Ruberwa is currently on the board of Mercy Ships, and serves as the senior advisor to his own family's NGO Congo Family Restoration. As of March 2012, they had added 50 more orphans in Goma to the already 50 orphans in Kinshasa that they help support. Ruberwa has in the past been an honorary guest speaker at universities such as Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, University of Wisconsin–Madison, Liberty University and University of St. Thomas (Minnesota). He continues to deliver keynote speeches at numerous national and international forums."@en .corpus78.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_High_School_(Grand_Junction,_Colorado)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Central High School is a public secondary school for grades 9-12 located in Grand Junction, Colorado. Its enrollment is 1522, and it is operated by Mesa County Valley School District No. 51. Central High offers many extracurricular organizations, sports, and clubs. A small sample of these would be football, baseball, tennis, soccer, Chess club, marching band, and Knowledge Bowl. The school also hosts the local JROTC classes. Students from around the Grand Valley are welcome to participate and can arrange their schedules through the district accordingly. Central publishes a school newspaper titled, \"The Warrior,\" which highlights the most current school issues.In August 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama led a televised \"town hall meeting\" on healthcare reform at Central High School. The school competes in activities including Speech and Debate, Knowledge Bowl, and JROTC, as well as various sports."@en .corpus78.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Field_House> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Iowa Field House is a multi-purpose arena in Iowa City, Iowa. Opened in 1927, it held up to 13,365 people at its height. It was home to the Iowa Hawkeyes men's basketball team before they moved to the newly constructed Carver-Hawkeye Arena in 1983. The building was a regional site for the NCAA Basketball Tournament four times, in 1954, 1956, 1964 and 1966. Since the basketball team's departure, parts of the arena have been converted into classroom and office space for the university's Health and Sport Studies program and Recreational Services department. The swimming and gymnastics teams also continue to host events at the Field House. On March 25, 2010, President Barack Obama delivered a speech in the facility on the landmark health care reform bill he signed two days earlier."@en .corpus79.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_State_Capitol_State_Historic_Site_(Illinois)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Old State Capitol State Historic Site, in Springfield, Illinois, is the fifth capitol building built for the U.S. state of Illinois.  It was built in the Greek Revival style in 1837–1840, and served as the state house from 1840 to 1876.  It is the site of candidacy announcements by Abraham Lincoln in 1858 and Barack Obama in 2007."@en .corpus79.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Brinker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nancy Goodman Brinker is the founder and Chair of Global Strategy of Susan G. Komen, an organization named after her only sister, Susan, who died from breast cancer in 1980 at age 36.  Brinker was also United States Ambassador to Hungary from 2001 to 2003 and Chief of Protocol of the United States from 2007 to the end of the George W. Bush administration.  Brinker, a breast cancer survivor, uses her experience to heighten understanding of the disease. She speaks publicly on the importance of patient's rights and medical advancements in breast cancer research and treatment. She is currently serving as the World Health Organization's Goodwill Ambassador for Cancer Control. Brinker is the author of the New York Times bestselling book Promise Me - How a Sister's Love Launched the Global Movement to End Breast Cancer, released on September 14, 2010.Brinker has helped build Komen by fostering a coalition of relationships within the business community, government, and volunteer sectors in the United States. For her work on breast cancer research, Time magazine named Brinker to its 2008 list of the 100 most influential people in the world.  Calling her \"a catalyst to ease suffering in the world,\" President Barack Obama honored Brinker with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, on August 12, 2009."@en .corpus79.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquín_Castro> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Joaquín Castro (born September 16, 1974) is an American politician who has served in the United States House of Representatives since 2013, representing Texas's 20th congressional district.  The district includes just over half of San Antonio, as well as some of its closer-in suburbs. From 2003 to 2013, he was a representative in the Texas Legislature representing District 125. While in the Texas legislature Castro served as Vice-Chair of the Higher Education Committee and was a member of the Judiciary & Civil Jurisprudence Committee. He has previously served on the County Affairs Committee, Border & International Affairs Committee and the Juvenile Justice & Family Issues Committee. Castro's identical twin brother, Julián, served as Mayor of San Antonio from 2009 to 2014 and is now the 16th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in the Cabinet of President Barack Obama."@en .corpus79.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_P._Jackson> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lisa Perez Jackson  (born February 8, 1962) is an American chemical engineer who served as the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from 2009 to 2013. In May 2013, it was announced that Jackson would be joining Apple, Inc. as their environmental director.Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Jackson is a graduate of Tulane University and Princeton University. She began working as a staff-level engineer for the Environmental Protection Agency in 1987; later moving to the EPA's regional office in New York City, where she spent the majority of her 16 year EPA career. She joined the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection in 2002, working as the assistant commissioner of compliance and enforcement and as the assistant commissioner for land use management. In 2006, New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine appointed Jackson the state's Commissioner of Environmental Protection. Jackson also briefly served as Corzine's Chief of Staff in late 2008.On December 15, 2008, the President-elect Barack Obama nominated Jackson as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, she was confirmed by the Senate and took office on January 23, 2009. During her tenure, Jackson oversaw stricter fuel efficiency standards; the EPA's response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill; authorized carbon dioxide as a public health threat, granting the EPA authority to set new regulations regarding CO2 emissions; and laid out a failed plan to set stricter smog pollution limits by amending the National Ambient Air Quality Standards. In December 2012, Jackson announced she would be stepping down as EPA Administrator, a move which took effect on February 15, 2013; she was succeeded by Deputy Administrator Bob Perciasepe, who became Acting Administrator pending Senate confirmation of Gina McCarthy on July 18, 2013 as a permanent successor."@en .corpus8.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Belafonte> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Harold George \"Harry\" Bellanfanti, Jr. (born March 1, 1927), better known as Harry Belafonte, is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and social activist. One of the most successful Caribbean American pop stars in history, he was dubbed the \"King of Calypso\" for popularizing the Caribbean musical style with an international audience in the 1950s. His breakthrough album Calypso (1956) is the first million selling album by a single artist. Belafonte is perhaps best known for singing \"The Banana Boat Song\", with its signature lyric \"Day-O\". He has recorded in many genres, including blues, folk, gospel, show tunes, and American standards. He has also starred in several films, most notably in Otto Preminger's hit musical Carmen Jones (1954), Island in the Sun (1957) and Robert Wise's Odds Against Tomorrow (1959).Belafonte was an early supporter of the civil rights movement in the 1950s, and one of Martin Luther King Jr.'s confidants. Throughout his career he has been an advocate for humanitarian causes, such as the anti-apartheid movement and USA for Africa. Since 1987 he has been a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. In recent years he has been a vocal critic of the policies of both the George W. Bush and Barack Obama presidential administrations. Harry Belafonte now acts as the American Civil Liberties Union celebrity ambassador for juvenile justice issues.Belafonte has won three Grammy Awards, including a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, an Emmy Award, and a Tony Award. In 1989 he received the Kennedy Center Honors. He was awarded the National Medal of Arts in 1994. In 2014, he received the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award at the Academy’s  6th Annual Governors Awards."@en .corpus8.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Allende> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Isabel Allende (Spanish: [isaˈβel aˈʝende] (13px ); born 2 August 1942) is a Chilean-American writer. Allende, whose works sometimes contain aspects of the \"magic realist\" tradition, is famous for novels such as The House of the Spirits (La casa de los espíritus, 1982) and City of the Beasts (La ciudad de las bestias, 2002), which have been commercially successful. Allende has been called \"the world's most widely read Spanish-language author\". In 2004, Allende was inducted into the American Academy of Arts and Letters, and in 2010, she received Chile's National Literature Prize. President Barack Obama awarded her the 2014 Presidential Medal of Freedom.Allende's novels are often based upon her personal experience and pay homage to the lives of women, while weaving together elements of myth and realism. She has lectured and toured many American colleges to teach literature. Fluent in English as a second language, Allende was granted American citizenship in 1993, having lived in California with her American husband since 1989."@en .corpus8.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadband_open_access> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Broadband open access is an issue of policy debate in telecommunications, regarding whether or not companies which own broadband telecommunication infrastructure (such as cable operators) should be required to provide access to their facilities for competing businesses which do not own physical infrastructure. The issue came to the fore in the U.S. in 1998, when AT&T Corporation announced its plan to acquire TCI, then the nation's largest cable operator. It involved municipal and local governments, the courts, Federal Communications Commission (the FCC), Congress, businesses, industry associations, consumer advocacy groups, and many others. Similar issues arose in other countries such as the Netherlands, Hungary, and Canada.In the United States, cable operators were not required to provide access to their facilities to other competing businesses. However, local telephone providers with physical infrastructure, or incumbent local exchange carriers, had such an obligation. This asymmetrical scheme of regulation became a problem when the two industries' businesses came to overlap and the boundary between them eroded. This transformation of industrial landscape, often called convergence, happened in the broadband Internet service provider market. To make matters worse, the cable operators were the leading camp although local telephone carriers were burdened by the open-access obligation.Broadband high-speed internet has become a worldwide breakthrough for telecommunication services. The service has become crucial for businesses to be able to communicate with customers and is on the verge of being a standard public utility verses a luxury for residents. Although other services are still offered, like dial-up Internet access or satellite internet access, broadband internet is the most convenient and fastest mode of telecommunications. With broadband open access, the popularity of this service is in great demand. The debate of making incumbent cable operators obligated to allow competitors to wire into their infrastructure is comparable to the Bell Operating Company (BOC) issue that split into the Regional Bell Operating Companies. Leading cable operators can easily avoid competition due to reasons such as lack of funding for those competitors to build their own backbone network, or even the lack of space available.For the past couple of years now, President Barack Obama has set out to try to resolve these issues. On February 10, 2011, he announced plans to expand wireless Internet access. This plan intends to provide high-speed wireless services to 98 percent of Americans or more. The idea behind this is to increase education among Americans, build businesses and profit, and support state-of-the-art technology for state officials. In terms of broadband open access, the plan will be deployed by leading carriers of high-speed Internet. However, the debate may still remain of how this helps the incoming service provider or smaller companies that already exist. Will small companies earn profit if the country is provided Internet through the leading companies?Broadband open access has also brought on many questions of how services to competition is offered, such as unbundled access services sold to the new company. This includes services that can be hard to duplicate. The concept is like what service providers offer their own customers and having television, voice, and Internet service bundled into one package. Any competitor may rent office space in an incumbent's central office, place equipment to interconnect with their network, or purchase other related services. The company can offer the same deal to a competing company requesting use of their network and facilities. The new entrant has a right to purchase access to the incumbent on an unbundled basis. Getting unbundled services means the new entrant has the opportunity to invest in its own network and therefore spend less on buying everything wholesale. They are able to make a profit using their own equipment and do not have to spend it all on the incumbent hardware and software provided."@en .corpus8.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth,_Wind_&_Fire> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Earth, Wind & Fire is an American band that has spanned the musical genres of R&B, soul, funk, jazz, disco, pop, rock, Latin, African and gospel.  They are one of the most successful and critically acclaimed bands of the twentieth century.  Rolling Stone has described them as \"innovative, precise yet sensual, calculated yet galvanizing\" and has also declared that the band \"changed the sound of black pop\".Also known as EWF, the band was founded in Chicago by Maurice White in 1969.  Other members have included Philip Bailey, Verdine White, Ralph Johnson, Larry Dunn,  Al McKay, Johnny Graham, and Andrew Woolfolk.  The band has received 20 Grammy nominations; they won six as a group and two of its members, Maurice White and Bailey, won separate individual awards.  Earth, Wind & Fire have 12 American Music Awards nominations and four awards.  They have been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, the Vocal Group Hall of Fame, received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and sold over 100 million records, making them one of the world's best-selling bands of all time.  Five members of Earth, Wind & Fire were also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame: Maurice White, Philip Bailey, Verdine White, Larry Dunn and Al McKay.  The music industry and fans have bestowed Lifetime Achievement honors from the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (Rhythm & Soul Heritage Award – 2002), NAACP (Hall of Fame – 1994) and the BET Awards (Lifetime Achievement Award – 2002).Earth, Wind & Fire is known for the dynamic sound of their horn section, their energetic and elaborate stage shows, and the interplay between the contrasting vocals of Philip Bailey's falsetto and Maurice White's tenor. The kalimba (African thumb piano) is played on all of the band's albums.  In the 1970s and early 1980s, the band had many hits, including \"Shining Star\", \"That's the Way of the World\", \"Devotion\", \"Reasons\", \"Sing a Song\", \"Can't Hide Love\", \"Getaway\", \"Fantasy\", \"Love's Holiday\", \"September\", \"Boogie Wonderland\", \"After the Love Has Gone\", and \"Let's Groove\".  Two Earth, Wind & Fire classic songs have been inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame: \"That’s the Way of the World\" (2004) and \"Shining Star\" (2007).The band is also known as having been the first African-American act to sell out Madison Square Garden and to receive the MSG Gold Ticket Award.  President Barack Obama invited Earth, Wind & Fire to perform at the White House for the first social event of the new administration."@en .corpus8.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Sharpton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Alfred Charles \"Al\" Sharpton, Jr. (born October 3, 1954) is an American Baptist minister, civil rights activist, television/radio talk show host and a trusted White House adviser who, according to 60 Minutes, has become President Barack Obama's \"go-to black leader.\" In 2004, he was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for the U.S. presidential election. He hosts his own radio talk show, Keepin' It Real, and he makes regular guest appearances on Fox News (such as on The O'Reilly Factor), CNN, and MSNBC. In 2011, he was named the host of MSNBC's PoliticsNation, a nightly talk show.Sharpton's supporters praise \"his ability and willingness to defy the power structure that is seen as the cause of their suffering\" and consider him \"a man who is willing to tell it like it is\". Former Mayor of New York City Ed Koch, a one-time foe, said that Sharpton deserves the respect he enjoys among black Americans: \"He is willing to go to jail for them, and he is there when they need him.\" President Barack Obama said that Sharpton is \"the voice of the voiceless and a champion for the downtrodden\". A 2013 Zogby Analytics poll found that one quarter of African Americans said that Sharpton speaks for them.His critics describe him as \"a political radical who is to blame, in part, for the deterioration of race relations\". Sociologist Orlando Patterson has referred to him as a racial arsonist, while liberal columnist Derrick Z. Jackson has called him the black equivalent of Richard Nixon and Pat Robertson. Sharpton sees much of the criticism as a sign of his effectiveness. \"In many ways, what they consider criticism is complimenting my job,\" he said. \"An activist's job is to make public civil rights issues until there can be a climate for change.\""@en .corpus8.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Green> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "College Green (Irish: Faiche an Choláiste) is a three-sided plaza in the centre of Dublin. On its northern side is a building known today as the Bank of Ireland which until 1800 was Ireland's Parliament House. To its east stands Trinity College Dublin. To its south stands a series of 19th-century buildings that are mostly banks. A major street, called Dame Street, enters the square from the west. College Green has been used as an assembly point for major political rallies. In the mid-1990s, United States President Bill Clinton addressed a mass crowd, during his Irish visit. President Barack Obama spoke there in a major address during his visit to Ireland in May 2011.The area was once known as Hoggen Green from the Old Norse word haugr meaning  mound, or barrow. The cemetery at College Green consisted of several burial mounds, which are thought to have contained the remains of some of the Norse kings of Dublin. Between  Church Lane and Suffolk Street the Norse had their Thing, an assembly and meeting-place, which was still to be seen in the 17th century. All along College Green, called  Hoggen Green by the English, lay their barrows. Hoggen gave its name to the convent of St Mary de Hogges, which stood roughly where the Bank of Ireland is now, and was a major landowner in the area until the Reformation.Two major public monuments stand in College Green: A 19th-century statue of Henry Grattan, one of the leading members of the old Irish Parliament, stands facing Trinity College. Further back stands a statue of patriot Thomas Davis. Previously, this was the location of one of Dublin's finest equestrian statues, of King \"Billy\" (William of Orange) on Horseback, by Grinling Gibbons. It was taken down after it was badly damaged in an explosion in November 1928.Daly's Club, originally frequented by members of the old Irish Parliament, moved to number 3, College Green, in 1791 and remained there until it closed in the 1820s.College Green now exists as a street running from the front gates of Trinity College Dublin to pedestrian traffic lights close to The Central Bank in Dame Street at the junction of Trinity Street. The houses are numbered starting with 1 on the north side of the Street at Westmoreland Street and Trinity College and continuing across to the south side and back on the opposite side to Trinity College and the bottom of Grafton Street. Dubliners often incorrectly identify the street as Dame Street because it continues into Dame Street. College Street which runs from Pearse Street and Westmoreland Street passing railings on the Northern side of Trinity College Dublin is often thought to be College Green."@en .corpus8.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transatlantic_Business_Dialogue> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The TransAtlantic Business Dialogue (TABD) was established by the US government and European Union in 1995 as the official business sector advisory group for EU and US officials on trade and investment issues. The purpose of the TABD was to foster an ongoing dialogue between business and government at the highest levels. It had become clear to both governments that international business maintains a unique and indispensable perspective on trade liberalization, and that it was necessary to create an official forum that allowed these transatlantic businesses to come together in a single setting where they would be able to address their mutual concerns.The first TABD conference was held in Seville, Spain in 1995 and concluded in the creation of working groups on standards and regulatory issues, trade liberalization, investment, and third country relations. As it was the first time that the private sector held an official role in determining EU/US public policy, the Seville conference signified a milestone in transatlantic trade relations. US Secretary of Commerce Ronald Brown convened the conference along with European Commission Vice President Sir Leon Brittan and Commissioner Dr. Martin Bangeman, and it was met with enthusiasm across the transatlantic business community.Throughout the years, the TABD continually provided input on a number of trade issues, including financial services, raw materials/recycling, and eMobility.  Since 2007, the Transatlantic Economic Council (TEC), which is the primary plenary for economic dialogue between the US and EU, has served as an additional platform for the TABD to exercise its advisory role.Currently, the TABD enjoys an especially important position in the Transatlantic Business Council, operating as a distinct program within the overall organization. The TABD program is the highest forum within the TBC and brings together European and American CEOs and C-suite executives. The TABD meets twice a year, leading to the development of joint policy recommendations to the US and European governments on a number of trade-related issues.The last TABD program meeting took place in January in Davos/Switzerland in the margins of the World Economic Forum. Government guests and speakers included Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny, OECD Secretary General Ángel Gurría and Michael Froman, Assistant to President Barack Obama and US Deputy National Security Advisor for International Economic Affairs.TABD’s ultimate goal has always been to facilitate the eventual establishment of a barrier-free transatlantic market, which would further global trade liberalization and prosperity. Consequently, the recent launch of free trade negotiations between the US and EU exemplifies TABD’s efforts, and places the program in an attractive position vis-à-vis the negotiators. Euro-American relations"@en .corpus8.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayard_Rustin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bayard Rustin (/ˈbaɪərd/; March 17, 1912 – August 24, 1987) was an American leader in social movements for civil rights, socialism, pacifism and non-violence and gay rights.  He was born and raised in Pennsylvania where his family was involved in civil rights work. In 1936, he moved to Harlem, New York City, and earned a living as a nightclub and stage singer, and continued activism for civil rights.In the pacifist Fellowship of Reconciliation (FOR), Rustin practiced nonviolence. He was a leading activist of the early 1947–1955 civil-rights movement, helping to initiate a 1947 Freedom Ride to challenge with civil disobedience racial segregation on interstate busing. He recognized Martin Luther King, Jr.'s leadership, and helped to organize the Southern Christian Leadership Conference to strengthen King's leadership; Rustin promoted the philosophy of nonviolence and the practices of nonviolent resistance, which he had observed while working with Gandhi's movement in India. Rustin became a leading strategist of the civil rights movement from 1955 to 1968. He was the chief organizer of the 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, which was headed by A. Philip Randolph, the leading African-American labor-union president and socialist. Rustin also influenced young activists, such as Tom Kahn and Stokely Carmichael, in organizations like the Congress on Racial Equality (CORE) and the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC).After the passage of the civil-rights legislation of 1964–65, Rustin focused attention on the economic problems of working-class and unemployed African Americans, suggesting that the civil-rights movement had left its period of \"protest\" and had entered an era of \"politics\", in which the Black community had to ally with the labor movement. Rustin became the head of the AFL–CIO's A. Philip Randolph Institute, which promoted the integration of formerly all-white unions and promoted the unionization of African Americans. The Institute under Rustin's leadership also advanced and campaigned for (from 1966 to 1968) A Freedom Budget for All Americans, linking the concepts of racial justice with economic justice; supported by over 200 prominent civil rights activists, trade unionists, religious leaders, academics and others, it outlined a plan to eliminate poverty and unemployment in the United States within a ten year period. Rustin became an honorary chairperson of the Socialist Party of America in 1972, before it changed its name to Social Democrats, USA (SDUSA); Rustin acted as national chairman of SDUSA during the 1970s. During the 1970s and 1980s, Rustin served on many humanitarian missions, such as aiding refugees from Communist Vietnam and Cambodia. He was on a humanitarian mission in Haiti when he died in 1987.Rustin was a gay man who had been arrested for homosexual activity in 1953 (which was criminalized in parts of the United States until 2003). Rustin's sexuality, or at least his embarrassingly public criminal charge, was criticized by some fellow pacifists and civil-rights leaders. Rustin was attacked as a \"pervert\" or \"immoral influence\" by political opponents from segregationists to Black power militants, and from the 1950s through the 1970s. In addition, his pre-1941 Communist Party affiliation when he was a young man was controversial. To avoid such attacks, Rustin served only rarely as a public spokesperson. He usually acted as an influential adviser to civil-rights leaders. In the 1970s, he became a public advocate on behalf of gay and lesbian causes.On November 20, 2013, President Barack Obama posthumously awarded Rustin the Presidential Medal of Freedom."@en .corpus8.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinesh_D'Souza> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dinesh Joseph D'Souza (Konkani: दिनेश जोसफ डिसूज़ा; born April 25, 1961) is an Indian-American political commentator and author. D'Souza is affiliated with a number of conservative organizations and publications, including the American Enterprise Institute, the Heritage Foundation, the Hoover Institution, and Policy Review. In 2010–2012, he served as president of The King's College, a small Christian school in New York City.Born in Bombay (Mumbai), D'Souza came to the United States as an exchange student, graduating from Dartmouth College. He became a naturalized citizen in 1991. He is the author of several New York Times best-selling books, including on Christian apologetics, such as What's So Great About Christianity and Life After Death: The Evidence. D'Souza has also been a critic of \"New Atheism\". In 2012, D'Souza released 2016: Obama's America, a documentary film based on his 2010 book The Roots of Obama's Rage. Both posit that Barack Obama's attitude toward America derives from his father's anti-colonialism and from a psychological desire to fulfill his father's dream of diminishing the power of Western imperial states.  The film has been the highest-grossing conservative documentary film produced in the United States.In January 2014, D'Souza was indicted on charges of making illegal political contributions to a 2012 United States Senate campaign.  On May 20, 2014, D'Souza pleaded guilty in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York to a charge of using \"straw donors\" to make illegal political campaign donations. On September 23, D'Souza was sentenced to eight months in a community confinement center, five years parole, and a $30,000 fine."@en .corpus80.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.C._Armory> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The D.C. Armory is an armory and a 10,000-seat multi-purpose arena located in Washington, D.C. managed by the Washington Convention and Sports Authority.  The Armory was constructed and opened in 1941, as the headquarters, armory, and training facility for the District of Columbia National Guard. In recent years it has also become a venue for a broad range of events. It was designed by noted New York architect Electus D. Litchfield.The Armory's Drill Field is approximately 80,000 square feet (7,400 m2) and has hosted trade shows, concerts, warehouse sales, the Washington Auto Show, sporting events, and Presidential inauguration balls.The Washington Diplomats played indoor soccer at the armory in 1978. It was the site of WCW Capital Combat in 1990, served as a preliminary tryout venue for American Idol, a performance by Marilyn Manson, and hosted the Longest Yard Football Classic, a charity game pitting Members of Congress (aided by former NFL stars) against the Capitol Police. The Armory has been home to the DC Rollergirls, D.C.'s female flat track roller derby league, since February 2008. In 2009, the Armory became home to the D.C. Armor, an American Indoor Football Association team. Popular Dutch trance artist Armin van Buuren played a 6 hour set at the Armory in 2011.During World War II, the Armory was used by the FBI Identification Division to house fingerprint records.  Inauguration balls spanning from the presidencies of Harry S. Truman to Barack Obama have also been hosted at the Armory. Frank Sinatra and Peter Lawford produced President Kennedy's pre-inaugural gala at the Armory on January 19, 1961. The cast of performers included Harry Belafonte, Milton Berle, Leonard Bernstein, Joey Bishop, Nat King Cole, Tony Curtis, Jimmy Durante, Ella Fitzgerald, Gene Kelly, Alan King, Janet Leigh, Ethel Merman, Louis Prima, Keely Smith, Pat Suzuki, and Helen Traubel.The Armory is served by the Stadium–Armory station on the Blue and Orange Lines of the Washington Metro. The Armory shares a 10,000 car parking lot with the adjacent Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium.Initially, nonmilitary use of the Armory was facilitated by the D.C. Armory Board, which was formed in 1948. During its existence the board oversaw the use of both the Armory and RFK Stadium. In 1994 the board was dissolved and the city’s use of the Armory came under the authority of the D.C. Sports and Entertainment Commission (DCSEC), which later became the Washington Convention and Sports Authority."@en .corpus80.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio's_12th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Ohio's 12th congressional district is represented by Republican (GOP) Representative Patrick J. Tiberi. The district includes communities north and east of Columbus including Zanesville, Mansfield and Dublin. From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily African-American part of Ohio's capital city, Columbus, Ohio along with its northern suburbs, including Westerville, Ohio.Historically it has been a safe seat for the GOP.  Since 1920, it has been held by the GOP except for an eight-year stretch in the 1930s and a two-year term in 1980 where the Democratic Party held the seat; in both instances the Democratic incumbent was later defeated by a GOP politician. However, in the 2004 presidential election George W. Bush narrowly won the district against John Kerry, 51% to 49%.   In the 2008 presidential election, Democratic candidate Barack Obama won the 12th district by a margin of 53% to 46%."@en .corpus80.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_the_Treasury_for_Domestic_Finance> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance is a high-ranking position within United States Department of the Treasury that reports to, advises, and assists the Secretary of the Treasury and the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury. The Under Secretary leads the Department's policy on the issues of domestic finance, fiscal policy, fiscal operations, government assets, government liabilities, and other related economic and fiscal matters.Under Secretary Miller announced she was stepping down from the position on June 12, 2014. Matthew Rutherford is currently Acting Under Secretary.President Barack Obama nominated Antonio Weiss for the position on November 13, 2014."@en .corpus80.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brink_Lindsey> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Brink Lindsey is the Cato Institute's vice president for research. From 1998 to 2004, he was director of Cato's Center for Trade Policy Studies, helping to make it a leading voice for free trade, and also editor of Cato Unbound, a monthly web magazine. He was a senior fellow with the Kauffman Foundation from 2010 to 2012. An attorney with extensive experience in international trade regulation, Lindsey was formerly director of regulatory studies at Cato and senior editor of Regulation magazine.He is a contributing editor at Reason magazine and a frequent discussion guest on BloggingHeads.tv and often moderates Cato panel discussions. A registered Republican and self-proclaimed libertarian, he endorsed Sen. Barack Obama during the 2008 presidential campaign. He has written on a broad range of topics including trade, economic growth, cultural division, economic inequality, the nature of IQ scores, and helicopter parents.Lindsey holds an A.B. from Princeton University and a J.D. from Harvard Law School."@en .corpus81.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Shipman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Claire Shipman is an American television journalist, currently the senior national correspondent for the ABC program, Good Morning America. She also blogs at the website True/Slant. She is married to Jay Carney, President Barack Obama's former White House Press Secretary."@en .corpus81.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Doran> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jamie Doran is an Irish/Scottish independent documentary filmmaker and former BBC producer.Many of Doran's documentaries have raised controversy. His 2010 film, The Dancing Boys of Afghanistan allegedly exposes widespread and systematic child sex abuse by former Northern Alliance commanders, ISAF's closest allies in Afghanistan. His 2002 film Afghan Massacre: the Convoy of Death claimed that U.S. troops were involved in a Dasht-i-Leili massacre of Taliban prisoners in 2001. The United States' government and its allies in Afghanistan have disputed the claim. A preliminary version of the film was shown to the German and European Parliaments in June 2002, causing widespread media coverage in Europe. Allegations made in this film resurfaced in July 2009 when US president Barack Obama called for an inquiry into the massacre in response to claims that Bush administration officials had actively discouraged an investigation. Another of Doran's documentaries, screened in 2004 by the BBC and reporting on drugs trials involving HIV-infected children in New York, was subsequently found to have made false claims and presented a biased picture of its subject matter. Yet another of his controversial films, Afghanistan: Behind Enemy Lines, first broadcast in February 2010, involves a journalist being embedded with the radical Islamic group, Hezb-e-Islami, as they construct and plant roadside bombs and  attempt to ambush coalition soldiers. This was one of the first films to show in detail how Afghan insurgents are waging war against ISAF and Afghan National Army forces. In May 2010, Doran was nominated for a BAFTA for Afghanistan: Behind Enemy Lines. One month later, he won two One World Media Awards: Best TV documentary for Afghanistan: Behind Enemy Lines, and the MDG award for Africa Rising. In October 2013, he picked up two Emmys for the films, \"Opium Brides\" and \"Battle for Syria\"."@en .corpus81.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghan_Massacre:_The_Convoy_of_Death> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Afghan Massacre: The Convoy of Death (earlier title: Massacre at Mazar) is a 2002 documentary by Irish filmmaker Jamie Doran and Afghan journalist Najibullah Quraishi about alleged war crimes committed by the Junbish-i Milli faction of the Afghan Northern Alliance under General Abdul Rashid Dostum against Taliban fighters. The Taliban fighters, who had surrendered to Dostum's troops after the November 2001 siege of Kunduz, were transported to Sheberghan prison in sealed containers. Human rights groups estimate that hundreds or thousands of them died during and after transit. Afghan Massacre: The Convoy of Death presents testimony from interviewees stating that American military personnel were present at and complicit in some of the mass killings, known as the Dasht-i-Leili massacre.A short early version of the documentary was shown to the European and German Parliaments in June 2002, causing widespread concern in Europe. Against protests from the United States government, the completed documentary was shown later that year on many countries' national television channels, including German, British, Italian and Australian television. The programme was not screened in the U.S. and received no U.S. media coverage. A Newsweek report in August 2002, based on a leaked UN memo, did confirm some of the details in Doran's documentary, as well as the presence of mass graves in the Dasht-i-Leili desert, but made no mention of the documentary.In July 2009, Barack Obama, the president of the United States, ordered a probe into allegations that the Bush administration had resisted efforts to have the massacre investigated."@en .corpus81.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_Inn_No._2> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Hamburg Inn No. 2 is a small family diner located near downtown in Iowa City, Iowa, in the United States. The Hamburg Inn is a regular stop for presidential candidates during the Iowa Caucuses. Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton, and Barack Obama have visited, and the restaurant was featured on the TV show, The West Wing."@en .corpus82.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austan_Goolsbee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Austan Dean Goolsbee (born August 18, 1969) is an American economist and the Robert P. Gwinn Professor of Economics at The University of Chicago's Booth School of Business. Goolsbee formerly served as the Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and was the youngest member of the cabinet of President Barack Obama.Goolsbee served on the three-member Council from the start of the Obama Administration. He advised President Obama during his 2004 U.S. Senate race and was senior economic policy adviser during the 2008 Obama Presidential Campaign. He took over in September 2010 as the Council's Chairman, replacing Christina Romer, who had left to return to a teaching position at the University of California at Berkeley. On June 6, 2011, he announced that he was departing the administration and returning to the University of Chicago.Since January 2013 he has been a strategic partner at 32 Advisors. He leads their Economic Intelligence practice."@en .corpus82.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_presidential_primaries,_2008> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 2008 Democratic presidential primaries were the process by which the Democratic Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 2008 U.S. presidential election. Senator Barack Obama of Illinois won and became the party's nominee. However, due to a close race between Obama and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, the contest remained competitive for longer than expected, and neither candidate received enough delegates from state primary races and caucuses to achieve a majority without so-called superdelegate votes.The presidential primaries actually consisted of both primary elections and caucuses, depending upon what the individual state chose. The goal of the process was to elect the majority of the 4,233 delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention, which was held from Monday, August 25, through Thursday, August 28, 2008, in Denver, Colorado. To secure the nomination, a candidate needed to receive at least 2,117 votes at the convention—or a simple majority of the 4,233 delegate votes. This total included half-votes from American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and Democrats Abroad, as well as \"superdelegates\", party leaders and elected officials who were not chosen through a primary or caucus. The race was further complicated by a controversy over the scheduling of the Michigan and Florida state primaries, which had been scheduled earlier than party rules permitted, affecting the number of delegates that those states sent to the national convention.Although Obama led Clinton in delegates won through state contests, Clinton claimed that she had the popular vote lead as she had more actual votes from the state contests. However, this calculation could not include many states that had held caucuses, which Obama had dominated, and it did include Michigan and Florida, which neither Clinton nor Obama contested due to the Democratic National Committee's penalization of those states for violating party rules.Obama received enough superdelegate endorsements on June 3 to claim that he had secured the simple majority of delegates necessary to win the nomination, and Clinton conceded the nomination four days later. Obama was nominated on the first ballot, at the August convention. He went on to win the general election, and became the 44th President of the United States on January 20, 2009. Clinton went on to serve as Obama's Secretary of State for his first term."@en .corpus82.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_B._Kent> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Samuel B. Kent (born June 22, 1949, Denver, Colorado) is a former U.S District Court judge for the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, who served in the single-judge Galveston Division covering Brazoria, Chambers, Galveston, and Matagorda Counties. He was nominated by President George H.W. Bush on August 3, 1990, to a seat vacated by Hugh Gibson, confirmed by the United States Senate on September 28, 1990, and received his commission on October 1, 1990.On May 11, 2009, Judge Kent was sentenced to 33 months in prison for lying to investigators about sexually abusing two female employees. Dick DeGuerin, Kent's attorney, said the judge would retire from the bench because of a disability, rather than resign, which would have enabled Kent to continue to receive his $169,300 annual salary for life. That did not satisfy the leaders of the House Judiciary Committee, Representatives John Conyers Jr., (D-Mich.) and Lamar Smith (R-Tex.), who demanded that Kent resign immediately or face impeachment.Judge Kent submitted his resignation on June 2, 2009, with the proviso that it would not take effect for a full year. This angered the membership of the House Judiciary Committee, which voted unanimously to send four Articles of Impeachment to the full House of Representatives on June 10, 2009. The articles were passed on June 19, 2009, making Judge Kent the first federal judge to be impeached since Walter L. Nixon, Jr. in 1989. Kent thereafter submitted a new letter of resignation to the Senate on June 25, 2009, taking effect on June 30, 2009. On June 30, President Barack Obama accepted his resignation. On July 20, the House of Representatives passed a resolution asking the Senate to end former Judge Kent's trial. Two days later, the Senate agreed to the resolution."@en .corpus82.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Wood> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Diane Pamela Wood (born July 4, 1950) is the Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and a senior lecturer at the University of Chicago Law School.Wood was born in Plainfield, New Jersey. When she was young, she moved with her family to Texas, where her mother still lives. Wood graduated with a B.A. from the University of Texas at Austin's Plan II Honors program in 1971. She earned her J.D. from the University of Texas School of Law in 1975, where she was an editor of the Texas Law Review, graduated with high honors and Order of the Coif, and was among the first women at the University of Texas admitted as a member of the Friar Society. Wood then clerked for Judge Irving Goldberg of the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals from 1975 to 1976 and for Associate Justice Harry Blackmun of the U.S. Supreme Court from 1976 to 1977. She was among the first women to clerk at the Supreme Court.After working in private practice and the executive branch, Wood became the third woman ever hired as a law professor at the University of Chicago Law School. Wood was nominated to the Seventh Circuit by President Bill Clinton on March 31, 1995. She is considered a liberal intellectual counterweight to the Seventh Circuit's conservative heavyweights, Richard Posner and Frank Easterbrook.Commentators have called Wood a leading candidate for nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court by President Barack Obama. She was a candidate to replace Justice David Souter when he left the bench in 2009, though that seat went to Sonia Sotomayor. In 2010, she was on the short list of potential nominees to take retiring Justice John Paul Stevens' seat, but that nomination instead went to U.S. Solicitor General Elena Kagan."@en .corpus82.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guantanamo_Bay_detention_camp> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Guantanamo Bay detention camp, also referred to as Guantánamo, G-bay or GTMO (pronounced 'gitmo'), is a United States military prison located within Guantanamo Bay Naval Base,  which fronts on Guantánamo Bay in Cuba. At the time of its establishment in January 2002, Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld said the prison camp was established to detain extraordinarily dangerous persons, to interrogate detainees in an optimal setting, and to prosecute detainees for war crimes. Detainees captured in the War on Terror, most of them from Afghanistan and much smaller numbers later from Iraq, the Horn of Africa and South Asia were transported to the prison.The facility is operated by the Joint Task Force Guantanamo (JTF-GTMO) of the United States government in Guantanamo Bay Naval Base.Detainment areas consisted of Camp Delta (including Camp Echo), Camp Iguana, and Camp X-Ray (which is now closed).After Bush political appointees at the U.S. Office of Legal Counsel, Department of Justice advised the Bush administration that the Guantanamo Bay detention camp could be considered outside U.S. legal black jurisdiction, military guards took the first twenty detainees to Guantanamo on 11 January 2002. The Bush administration asserted that detainees were not entitled to any of the protections of the Geneva Conventions. Ensuing U.S. Supreme Court decisions since 2004 have determined otherwise and that the courts have jurisdiction: it ruled in Hamdan v. Rumsfeld on 29 June 2006, that detainees were entitled to the minimal protections listed under Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions. Following this, on 7 July 2006, the Department of Defense issued an internal memo stating that detainees would, in the future, be entitled to protection under Common Article 3.Current and former detainees have reported abuse and torture, which the Bush administration denied. In a 2005 Amnesty International report, the facility was called the \"Gulag of our times.\" In 2006, the United Nations called unsuccessfully for the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to be closed. In January 2009, Susan J. Crawford, appointed by Bush to review DoD practices used at Guantanamo Bay and oversee the military trials, became the first Bush administration official to concede that torture occurred at Guantanamo Bay on one detainee.On 22 January 2009, President Barack Obama signed an order to suspend proceedings at Guantanamo military commission for 120 days and to shut down the detention facility that year. On 29 January 2009, a military judge at Guantanamo rejected the White House request in the case of Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, creating an unexpected challenge for the administration as it reviewed how the United States brings Guantanamo detainees to trial. On 20 May 2009, the United States Senate passed an amendment to the Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2009 (H.R. 2346) by a 90–6 vote to block funds needed for the transfer or release of prisoners held at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. President Obama issued a Presidential memorandum dated 15 December 2009, ordering Thomson Correctional Center, Thomson, Illinois to be prepared to accept transferred Guantanamo prisoners.The Final Report of the Guantanamo Review Task Force, dated 22 January 2010, published the results for the 240 detainees subject to the Review: 36 were the subject of active cases or investigations; 30 detainees from Yemen were designated for \"conditional detention\" due to the poor security environment in Yemen; 126 detainees were approved for transfer; 48 detainees were determined \"too dangerous to transfer but not feasible for prosecution\".On 7 January 2011, President Obama signed the 2011 Defense Authorization Bill, which, in part, placed restrictions on the transfer of Guantanamo prisoners to the mainland or to foreign countries, thus impeding the closure of the facility. In February 2011, U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said that Guantanamo Bay was unlikely to be closed, due to opposition in the Congress. Congress particularly opposed moving prisoners to facilities in the United States for detention or trial. In April 2011, Wikileaks began publishing 779 secret files relating to prisoners in the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. As of January 2015, 122 detainees remain at Guantanamo."@en .corpus82.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Walker-Pearlman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jordan Walker-Pearlman (born 24 June 1967, New York City) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer.  He is best known for his movie The Visit, for which he was nominated for two Independent Spirit Awards. His movie Constellation  was released in February 2007 and is now screened around the USA at conferences promoting racial healing in America. He has worked with actors Hill Harper, Billy Dee Williams, Phylicia Rashad, Lynn Redgrave, Rae Dawn Chong, Zoe Saldana, Gabrielle Union, Lesley Ann Warren, William Hurt, Harry Connick Jr, Obba Babatunde, Talia Shire, Glynn Turman, and David Clennon, among others.He is a political independent who once worked on US Foreign Policy issues for Congressional Candidates.  He spent much of 2007 raising funds for and speaking at events on behalf of Presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama, whom he met through mutual friends.He is currently preparing to film his new movie, entitled Dawana.He is the nephew of Gene Wilder."@en .corpus82.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_8th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Washington's 8th congressional district included most of the region known as the Eastside and the mostly rural eastern parts of King and Pierce counties prior to 2010 redistricting. It is currently represented in the U.S. House of Representatives by Republican Dave Reichert.  The state redistricting in response to population changes determined by the 2010 census shifts much of the \"Eastside\" portions of what was District 8 to District 9, and adds regions east of the Cascades to District 8.  (Map at right is after redistricting)Since its creation after the 1980 U.S. Census, the 8th District has been the only Republican bastion west of the Cascade Mountains. Before 2010 redistricting, the district had the peculiarity of having a Democratic advantage according to its Cook PVI, but only having elected Republicans to Congress throughout its history. The District's PVI is now slightly Republican after redistricting and the GOP winning streak is still active as of after the 2012 elections.  This district could be compared to Illinois's 10th congressional district or Connecticut's 4th congressional district in terms of voting patterns.Voters in the district narrowly favored Democratic presidential candidates Al Gore in 2000 and John Kerry in 2004, and favored Democrat Barack Obama by almost 15 points over Republican John McCain in the 2008 presidential election."@en .corpus83.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Realism> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Christian Realism is a philosophical perspective developed by the theologian and public intellectual Reinhold Niebuhr in the late 1940s and early 1950s. Niebuhr argued that the Kingdom of God cannot be realized on earth because of the innately corrupt tendencies of society. Due to the injustices that arise on earth, a person is therefore forced to compromise the ideal of the kingdom of heaven on earth. Niebuhr argued that human perfectibility was an illusion, highlighting the sinfulness of humanity at a time when the world was confronted by the horrors of experiences such World War II, the reigns of both Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin, and the Holocaust. The movement was in part a reaction to the Social Gospel movement. Numerous political figures have been influenced by Christian realism, such as Martin Luther King Jr., Hillary Clinton, Jimmy Carter, Barack Obama, Madeleine Albright, and John McCain."@en .corpus83.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_R._Orszag> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peter Richard Orszag (/ˈɔrzæɡ/; born December 16, 1968) is an American economist who is a Vice Chairman of Corporate and Investment Banking, Chairman of the Public Sector Group, and Chairman of the Financial Strategy and Solutions Group at Citigroup. He is also a columnist at Bloomberg View, a Distinguished Scholar at New York University School of Law, and an adjunct senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations.  Before joining Citigroup, he was a Distinguished Visiting Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations and a contributing columnist for the New York Times Op-Ed page.  Prior to that, he was the 37th Director of the Office of Management and Budget under President Barack Obama and had also served as the Director of the Congressional Budget Office.Orszag is a member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies of Science.  He serves on the Boards of Directors of the Peterson Institute for International Economics, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, the Mt. Sinai Hospital, the Russell Sage Foundation, New Visions for Public Schools in New York, and ideas42."@en .corpus84.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Administrators_and_Deputy_Administrators_of_NASA> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Administrator and Deputy Administrator of NASA are the highest-ranked officials of NASA, the space agency of the United States. The Administrator serves as the senior space science adviser to the President of the United States. According to NASA, the role of the Administrator is to \"lead the NASA team and manage its resources to advance the Vision for Space Exploration.\" The Deputy Administrator of NASA \"serves as the agency’s second in command and is responsible to the administrator for providing overall leadership, planning, and policy direction for the agency. He represents NASA to the Executive Office of the President, Congress, heads of federal and other appropriate government agencies, international organizations, and external organizations and communities. He also oversees the day to day work of NASA’s functional offices, such as the Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Office of General Counsel and Strategic Communications\", according to NASA (referring to Shana Dale).The first Administrator of NASA was Dr. T. Keith Glennan; during his term he brought together the disparate projects in space development research in the US. Daniel Goldin held the post for the longest term (nearly 10 years), and is best known for pioneering the \"faster, better, cheaper\" approach to space programs. The only person to hold the post twice is James C. Fletcher, who returned to NASA following the Challenger disaster.The longest-running (acting) Deputy Administrator was John R. Dailey, who held the post following his retirement from the United States Marine Corps. The longest-running full Deputy Administrator was Hugh Latimer Dryden, who was the first Deputy Administrator. William R. Graham has held the post of Deputy Administrator twice, and was the acting Administrator in between, as did Frederick D. Gregory. Dr. Daniel Mulville served as the acting Deputy Administrator twice, and was acting Administrator in between.The current Administrator of NASA is Charles Bolden, and Lori Garver is the Deputy Administrator. Their nomination was announced on May 24, 2009 by President Barack Obama, they were formally appointed upon successful confirmation by the United States Senate on July 15, 2009 and they started their positions on July 17, 2009."@en .corpus84.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cordray> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Richard Cordray (born May 3, 1959) is an American lawyer and Democratic Party politician who currently serves as the first Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Prior to his appointment in January 2012, Cordray served in various positions in the State of Ohio.A Marshall Scholar at the University of Oxford from 1981 to 1983, Cordray was editor-in-chief of the University of Chicago Law Review and subsequently served as a law clerk for Judge Robert Bork on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and after that, Justice Anthony Kennedy of the Supreme Court of the United States. In 1987 he became an undefeated five-time Jeopardy! champion.Cordray was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1990. After redistricting, Cordray decided to run for the United States House of Representatives in 1992 but was defeated. The following year he was appointed by the Ohio Attorney General as the first Solicitor General of Ohio. His experience as Solicitor led to his appearance before the United States Supreme Court to argue six cases, where he had previously clerked. Following Republican victories in Ohio statewide elections in 1994, Cordray left his appointed position and entered the private practice of law. While in private practice he unsuccessfully ran for Ohio Attorney General in 1998 and the United States Senate in 2000. He was elected Franklin County treasurer in 2002 and re-elected in 2004 before being elected Ohio State Treasurer in 2006.Cordray was elected Ohio Attorney General in November 2008 to fill the remainder of the unexpired term ending January 2011. In 2010, Cordray lost his bid for re-election to former U.S. Senator Mike DeWine. On July 17, 2011, President Barack Obama announced he would nominate Cordray to lead the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. On January 4, 2012, the White House announced that it would make a recess appointment of Cordray to the post. On July 16, 2013, the U.S. Senate confirmed Cordray to a five-year term as Director in a 66–34 vote."@en .corpus84.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werowocomoco> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Werowocomoco was a town that served as the headquarters of the paramount chief Powhatan, the Virginia Algonquian political and spiritual leader, when the English founded Jamestown in 1607. Powhatan received tribute from 30 Virginia Algonquian tribes, in return for providing food in times of famine, military protection, and spiritual powers. He held sacred materials such as copper and certain colors of shell beads. This town had been developed and occupied by various Native American peoples since 1200 CE.\"Werowocomoco\" was documented by English settlers in 1608 as located near the north bank of the York River in what is now Gloucester County. It was separated by that river and the narrow Virginia Peninsula from the English settlement of Jamestown, located on the James River. Powhatan's Chimney, a site of historical ruins associated with a house purported to have been built for Powhatan, was earlier thought to have been the site of this capital.In 1977, an archaeologist found ground-surface artifacts at a site further west on the York River on Purtan Bay, about 7 miles (11 km) west of Gloucester. He determined they indicated a late Woodland/early European contact-era settlement. In 2002 current landowners of this site permitted an archaeological survey of their property. It revealed extensive artifacts on what may have been a 50-acre (200,000 m2) settlement, with habitation from 1200 into the 1600s. Archaeologists and anthropologists believe this is the site of Werowocomoco.Since 2003, a team of archaeologists and related researchers has been working at this site. They and the landowners initiated consultation with the Virginia Council on Indians to plan and execute excavations on the site.  Representatives of local Virginia Indian tribes, some of whom are descendants of the tributary tribes of Powhatan, continue to advise the research.  Excavations at the site since 2003 have revealed evidence of a large town, including two 200-foot (61 m)-long, curved, earthwork ditches built 1,000 feet (300 m) from the river bank about 1400, two hundred years before the English first visited the area. In 2006 the Werowocomoco Archeological Site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). Excavations will continue. Scholars hope to find more evidence about the political nature of the Powhatan polity.In 2014, President Barack Obama proposed future federal budget funding to acquire this site in Gloucester County to make it part of the National Park System. Under this proposal, Werowocomoco would be formally opened to public visitation under the management of the National Park Service.Powhatan became the title associated with the paramount chief when Wahunsenacawh (sometimes spelled Wahunsonacock) was selected for the position. He came from a small village named Powhatan, meaning the falls of the river, at the fall line of the James River. His people were known by that geographic name as well. The present-day Powhatan Hill neighborhood of Richmond, Virginia was developed at the site of the former Native American village.The name Werowocomoco comes from the Powhatan werowans (weroance), meaning \"leader\" in English; and komakah (-comoco), \"settlement\". It is unknown when Powhatan moved there. He may have wanted to live in a place associated with Native American leaders.In 2002–2003 a comprehensive archaeological survey and excavations revealed an extensive settlement on the York River which researchers believe was Werowocomoco.  Excavation has revealed that the settlement was inhabited since 1200 CE, and complex earthworks were built about 1400 CE.  Powhatan may have made use of a site already well-known to his people as a regional center."@en .corpus84.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aneesh_Raman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Aneesh Raman is VP of Marketing and Audience Development at OZY Media, a new media company co-founded by Carlos Watson (journalist) and backed by a number of high-profile investors including Laurene Powell Jobs, Larry Sonsini, David Drummond (Google), Dan Rosensweig and Ron Conway. Prior to joining OZY, Raman served in the Obama Administration, most recently as a speechwriter to the President of the United States Barack Obama. Raman came to the  White House after working at the United States Department of Defense and at the Treasury Department as speechwriter to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner. Before joining government, Raman was an award-winning CNN reporter and the network's first correspondent based in the Middle East responsible for region-wide coverage.Raman is currently a term member at the Council on Foreign Relations and a member of the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library's New Frontier Award Committee."@en .corpus84.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Mathews_Burwell> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Sylvia Mary Mathews Burwell (born June 23, 1965) is an American politician who has been the 22nd United States Secretary of Health and Human Services since 2014. Previously she was the Director of the White House Office of Management and Budget from 2013 to 2014.She was president of the Walmart Foundation beginning in January 2012, and she was previously the president of the Global Development Program of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.  While at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, her program focused on combating world poverty through agricultural development, financial services for the poor, and global libraries. She was Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director of the Foundation before its reorganization in 2006. She came to the Foundation in 2001, after serving as Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget in Washington, D.C., since 1998.She was nominated by President Barack Obama on April 11, 2014, to be the next Secretary of Health and Human Services after the resignation of Kathleen Sebelius. Burwell's nomination was confirmed by the Senate on June 5, 2014 by a vote of 78-17."@en .corpus84.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_More_You_Know> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The More You Know is a series of Emmy Award-winning public service announcements (PSAs) broadcast on the NBC family of channels in the United States and other locations, featuring educational messages. These PSAs are broadcast regularly during NBC's programming in primetime, late night, and Saturday morning. The spots feature personalities from various NBC shows. Tom Brokaw was the first person to do a The More You Know spot; it aired on NBC in September 1989 (these replaced the One to Grow On PSAs that were used from 1983 to 1989).The first 'comet trail' star logo was created by Paul Johnson ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0425970/ ) on an animation stand using a slit scan technique at R/Greenberg Associates (now R/GA Digital Studios) in Manhattan. They were later updated using three-dimensional computer graphics. In 2010 and 2011, US President Barack Obama participated in the campaign, encouraging parents to be more involved in their children's education. Several past presidents have also participated, including President Bill Clinton and President George H. W. Bush.\"El Poder de Saber\" (The Power of Knowing) is The More You Know's sister campaign on Telemundo. While the other U.S. broadcast networks have similar campaigns, namely CBS Cares and Disney-ABC's Be Inspired, The More You Know is likely the most well known."@en .corpus85.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_DiIulio> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John J. Dilulio Jr. (born 1958) is a political scientist. He currently serves as the Frederic Fox Leadership Professor of Politics, Religion, and Civil Society and Professor of Political Science at the University of Pennsylvania. Previously, he served as the first director of the White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives under President George W. Bush from early 2001 to August 2001. He was the first senior Bush advisor to resign and was succeeded by Jim Towey.  In a letter written a little over a year after resigning (that later was printed in Esquire), he wrote that while \"President Bush is a highly admirable person of enormous personal decency,\" his governing style allowed certain staffers, referred to as \"Mayberry Machiavellis,\" to \"[steer] legislative initiatives or policy proposals as far right as possible.\"  In late 2008 and early 2009, DiIulio consulted with the transition team of President Barack Obama regarding the restructuring of the White House faith-based initiative.DiIulio has authored numerous studies on crime, government, and the relationship between religion and public policy. He is also the co-author of the widely used textbook American Government with James Q. Wilson, which was reviewed by the publisher and the College Board after the discovery of factual inaccuracies and allegations of conservative bias regarding issues such as global warming, school prayer, and gay rights.  Among those who criticized the textbook was James E. Hansen, the director of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, who wrote to the publisher that the book contained \"a large number of clearly erroneous statements\" which cause \"the mistaken impression that the scientific evidence of global warming is doubtful and uncertain.\"He is also credited with coining, or at least popularizing, the term (and concept of) \"superpredators\" in reference to juvenile violent crime in the early 1990s."@en .corpus85.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi-National_Corps_–_Iraq> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Multi-National Corps – Iraq (MNC-I) was a formerly multinational, later U.S. only, army corps created on 15 May 2004, fighting the Iraq War. Its superior body, the  Multi-National Force-Iraq (MNF-I) had replaced Combined Joint Task Force 7 on May 15, 2004. The change was made due to \"concerns that had existed for some period of time, that the Combined Joint Task Force 7 headquarters was not sufficient to handle the range of military operations in Iraq, including peace support, civil military operations, and at the same time conduct strategic engagement such as talking to the sheiks and talking to the political authorities.\" Multi-National Force-Iraq was established to handle strategic level issues while Multi-National Corps – Iraq, a subordinate command, directed the tactical battle.  A number of US Army corps headquarters have rotated into Iraq to provide the MNC-I headquarters. Also created under MNF-I was the Multi-National Security Transition Command - Iraq (MNSTC-I), which primarily directed the reconstruction of Iraqi security forces. With the planned drawdown of US forces from Iraq per the Status of Forces Agreement and President Barack Obama's announced timeline, Multi-National Corps – Iraq merged back into its parent command of MNF-I, which was renamed United States Force - Iraq (USF-I) following the withdrawal of all remaining coalition partners from the country.In 2005, the 1st Corps Support Command based at Logistics Support Area Anaconda at Balad, Iraq, was providing theatre logistics support."@en .corpus85.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Bob Dylan (/ˈdɪlən/; born Robert Allen Zimmerman, May 24, 1941) is an American singer-songwriter, artist and writer. He has been influential in popular music and culture for more than five decades. Much of his most celebrated work dates from the 1960s when his songs chronicled social unrest, although Dylan repudiated suggestions from journalists that he was a spokesman for his generation. Nevertheless, early songs such as \"Blowin' in the Wind\" and \"The Times They Are a-Changin'\" became anthems for the American civil rights and anti-war movements. Leaving his initial base in the American folk music revival, Dylan's six-minute single \"Like a Rolling Stone\" altered the range of popular music in 1965. His mid-1960s recordings, backed by rock musicians, reached the top end of the United States music charts while also attracting denunciation and criticism from others in the folk movement.Dylan's lyrics have incorporated a variety of political, social, philosophical and literary influences. They defied exisiting pop music conventions and appealed to the burgeoning counterculture. Initially inspired by the performances of Little Richard, and the songwriting of Woody Guthrie, Robert Johnson and Hank Williams, Dylan has amplified and personalized musical genres. His recording career, spanning 50 years, has explored the traditions in American song—from folk, blues, and country to gospel, rock and roll, and rockabilly to English, Scottish, and Irish folk music, embracing even jazz and swing. Dylan performs with guitar, keyboards and harmonica. Backed by a changing line-up of musicians, he has toured steadily since the late 1980s on what has been dubbed the Never Ending Tour. His accomplishments as a recording artist and performer have been central to his career, but his greatest contribution is considered his songwriting.Since 1994, Dylan has published six books of drawings and paintings, and his work has been exhibited in major art galleries. As a musician, Dylan has sold more than 100 million records, making him one of the best-selling artists of all time; he has received numerous awards including Grammy, Golden Globe and Academy Award; he has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Minnesota Music Hall of Fame, Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame, and Songwriters Hall of Fame. The Pulitzer Prize jury in 2008 awarded him a special citation for \"his profound impact on popular music and American culture, marked by lyrical compositions of extraordinary poetic power.\" In May 2012, Dylan received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Barack Obama."@en .corpus85.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Valenzuela> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Arturo A. Valenzuela (born 23 January 1944) is a Chilean-American academic who was the United States Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs from  November 5, 2009, until August 2011.  His confirmation had been blocked by Senator Jim DeMint (R, SC) due to a dispute over President Barack Obama's approach to the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis. He previously served as Professor of Government and Director of the Center for Latin American Studies in the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University. He was previously Professor of Political Science and Director of the Council on Latin American Studies at Duke University. In May 2011 it was reported that Valenzuela would be leaving his government post later that summer to return to his academic activities. He officially left office at the end of August 2011."@en .corpus85.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Katyal> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Neal Kumar Katyal (born March 12, 1970) is an American lawyer and chaired professor of law. He served as Acting  Solicitor General of the United States from May 2010 until June 2011.  As Acting Solicitor General, Katyal succeeded Elena Kagan, who was President Barack Obama's choice to replace the retiring Associate U.S. Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens. Katyal was the Paul and Patricia Saunders Professor of National Security Law at Georgetown University Law Center and the lead counsel for the Guantanamo Bay detainees in the Supreme Court case Hamdan v. Rumsfeld, which held that military commissions set up by the Bush administration to try detainees at Guantanamo Bay \"violate both the UCMJ and the four Geneva Conventions.\"While serving at the Justice Department, he argued numerous cases before the Supreme Court, including his successful defense (by an 8-1 decision) of the constitutionality of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 in the landmark case, Northwest Austin v. Holder. He also successfully argued in favor of the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act and won a unanimous decision from the Supreme Court defending former Attorney General John Ashcroft against alleged abuses of civil liberties in the war on terror. Katyal is also the only head of the Solicitor General's office to argue in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit."@en .corpus85.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Flugennock> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mike Flugennock (born Michael Swartzbeçk) is a left-leaning political cartoonist from Washington, D.C. He is best known for his political posters, which he and others paste across D.C. and in other cities around the country. His work has received coverage in the Washington Post on several occasions. He also did the cover art for the October 2002 edition of The Progressive magazine, as well as designed one of the event posters for the Operation Ceasefire events held on September 24, 2005. Flugennock was a member of the editorial board of DC Indymedia through April 2009.His work is noted for its universal criticism of government figures, recent subjects of criticism have been both President George W. Bush and the Democratic Party; the former for his domestic and foreign policies, the latter for what he claims is its inability to provide a true, progressive alternative to the Republican party. During the Clinton era, most of his posters were critical of President Bill Clinton's military actions, and policies such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the Communications Decency Act, and the Defense of Marriage Act. Since the 2006 mid-term elections, he has been more critical of the Democratic Party, particularly President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.In addition to national politics, Flugennock is often critical of D.C. politicians, and he has made several posters criticizing Mayor Anthony Williams, whom he depicts as a rat.Flugennock's political cartoons have been featured in galleries and various publications. His posters have appeared on the streets of Washington D.C., and other cities.A Flugennock cartoon was submitted as an entry in the International Holocaust Cartoon Competition, a competition purportedly organized to test Western willingness to print Holocaust related cartoons in response to the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy. While Flugennock did not personally submit his cartoon to the Iranian contest, he welcomes the controversy and is fine with many uses of his work, as long as credit is given."@en .corpus85.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacks_at_the_Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hacks at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are practical jokes and pranks meant to prominently demonstrate technical aptitude and cleverness, or to commemorate popular culture and historical topics. The pranks are anonymously installed at night by hackers, usually, but not exclusively, undergraduate students.  The actions of hackers are governed by an extensive and informal body of precedent, tradition, and ethics.  Hacks can occur anywhere across campus, or occasionally off campus; many make use of the iconic Great Dome,  Little Dome, Green Building tower, or other prominent architectural features of the MIT campus. Well-known hacker alumni include Nobel Laureates Richard P. Feynman and George F. Smoot.  In October 2009, US President Barack Obama made a humorous reference to the MIT hacking tradition during an on-campus speech about clean energy.Although the practice is unsanctioned by the university, and students have sometimes been arraigned on trespassing charges for hacking, hacks have substantial significance to MIT's history and student culture.  Student bloggers working for the MIT Admissions Office have often written about MIT hacks, including those occurring during Campus Preview Weekend (CPW), an event welcoming admitted prospective freshman students. Alumni bloggers on the MIT Alumni Association website also report and document some of the more memorable hacks.  Since the mid-1970s, the student-written guide How To Get Around MIT (HowToGAMIT) has included a chapter on hacking, and discusses history, hacker groups, ethics, safety tips, and risks of the activity.For a decade, the MIT Museum included a \"Hall of Hacks\" featuring famous MIT hacks, but the section was closed in 2001, temporarily returning for a 2003 exhibition. In 2011, the display space was reallocated to the MIT 150 exhibition, a year-long show commemorating MIT's 150th anniversary. Although hacks were not featured in the exhibit, certain student activities such as the Annual Baker House Piano Drop were featured in the exhibition.  The Museum's extensive collection of hacker artifacts and documentation continues to be preserved and expanded, with a selection of larger relics from past hacks plus explanatory panels and plaques semi-permanently displayed inside the Stata Center.  This mini-exhibit on hacks is located on the ground floor of the Stata Center, near the cafeteria at the southeastern end of the complex, and may be viewed by visitors during normal office hours.Famous hacks include a weather balloon labeled \"MIT\" appearing at the 50-yard line at the Harvard/Yale football game in 1982, the placing of a campus police cruiser on the roof of the Great Dome, converting the Great Dome into R2-D2 or a large yellow ring to acknowledge the release of Star Wars Episode I and Lord of the Rings respectively, or placing full-sized replicas of the Wright Flyer and a fire truck to acknowledge the anniversaries of first powered controlled flight and the September 11th attacks respectively."@en .corpus85.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Lothian> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dan Lothian is CNN's White House Correspondent. Prior to covering the White House, Lothian was CNN's Boston Bureau Chief.He traveled across New England and around the country for CNN covering politics and other major news events.He has also been on assignment in CNN's Jerusalem bureau.The award winning correspondent was part of CNN's election coverage in 2004 and 2008, both on the campaign trail and reporting on key caucuses and primaries.In 2003 he did extensive reports on the California recall election that led to Governor Arnold Schuarzenegger's victory.Some of the other major events that he has covered while Boston Bureau Chief with CNN included the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum art heist mystery, the funeral of Rosa Parks, Hurricane Katrina and the 50th anniversary of the Supreme Court's historic decision in Brown v. Board of Education case. Prior to joining CNN, Lothian worked for NBC News based in the network's Los Angeles bureau. He covered breaking news stories in the U.S. and overseas for Nightly News, the Today Show and MSNBC.Lothian has also worked at WDEF in Chattanooga,TN, WPTV in West Palm Beach, FL, KING-TV in Seattle, WA, and WCVB in Boston, MA. Prior to his television career Lothian worked at several radio stations in Florida and Tennessee. He began broadcasting at the age of 16.Lothian was born in Evanston, Illinois and raised in Puerto Rico, Jamaica and Florida. In 1982, he graduated from Keswick Christian School in St. Petersburg, Florida. Lothian then earned a bachelor's degree from Tennessee Temple University and a master's degree from American University in Washington, D.C. He has traveled to every state except one, North Dakota.On November 11, 2011, he created a controversy by asking President Barack Obama the following question: \"Last night at the Republican debate, some of the hopefuls, they hope to get your job, they defended the practice of waterboarding which is a practice you banned in 2009. Herman Cain said, quote, 'I don't see that as torture.' Michele Bachmann said that it's, quote, 'very effective.' So I'm wondering if you think that they're uninformed, out of touch, or irresponsible?\".  Afterwards, some media outlets portrayed the question as revealing a personal bias."@en .corpus86.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_Science_and_Technology_Policy> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) is an office in the Executive Office of the President (EOP), established by United States Congress on May 11, 1976, with a broad mandate to advise the President on the effects of science and technology on domestic and international affairs. The director of this office is colloquially known as the President's Science Advisor. Dr. John Holdren, Director, nominated in December 2008, serves as Science Advisor to President Barack Obama. Dr. John Holdren also co-chairs the President's Committee of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST) and supports the President's National Science and Technology Council (NSTC)."@en .corpus86.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Yong_Kim> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jim Yong Kim MD, PhD, also known as Kim Yong (Hangul: 김용; hanja: 金墉; born December 8, 1959), is a Korean American physician and anthropologist who has been the 12th President of the World Bank since July 1 2012.  He was President of Dartmouth College from 2009 to 2012.  He was formerly the Chair of the Department of Global Health and Social Medicine at Harvard Medical School, and a co-founder and executive director of Partners In Health.On March 2, 2009, Kim was named as the 17th president of Dartmouth College, a position he formally assumed on July 1, 2009, becoming the first Asian American president of an Ivy League institution.On March 23, 2012, President Barack Obama announced that the United States would nominate Kim as the next president of the World Bank to replace Robert Zoellick.  On April 16, Kim was elected to head the World Bank and took office on July 1.Kim was named the world's 50th most powerful person by Forbes Magazine's List of The World's Most Powerful People in 2013."@en .corpus86.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peabody_High_School_(Pennsylvania)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Peabody High School was a public school in  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the neighborhood of East Liberty. The school opened in 1911 after the renovations of a former elementary school and was rededicated in honor of Highland Park doctor Benjamin Peabody. After 100 years in operation, the school board of the Pittsburgh Public Schools voted to close the school and graduate its final class in 2011.The Barack Obama Academy of International Studies 6-12 relocated to the building starting in the 2012-2013 school year. The Peabody name will no longer be used."@en .corpus86.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_McKeon> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Larry McKeon (June 30, 1944 – May 13, 2008) was an American politician who served as a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from Chicago. Serving from January 1997 to January 2007, he was the first-ever openly gay member of the Illinois General Assembly and was also HIV-positive.McKeon died at the age of 63 in Springfield, Illinois, after suffering a stroke. Following his death, numerous political figures issued statements praising his life and achievements, including U.S. Sen. Barack Obama, Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich and Howard Dean, chairman of the Democratic National Committee.He held degrees from California State University at Los Angeles and completed some doctoral work at the University of Chicago. A veteran of the United States Army, McKeon had been a lieutenant with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department before moving to Chicago.McKeon was elected to the House in 1996 from a Chicago district then-numbered the 34th and was sworn in the following January. He served on the committees on Labor, Aging, and several other subjects. During the 2002 redistricting, his district became the 13th.McKeon was inducted into the Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame in 1997.In July 2006, he announced his intention to retire from the legislature at the end of his term in January 2007. As he had already won the March 2006 Democratic primary election without opposition and thus had become the party's nominee for re-election, it fell to the five Democratic ward committeemen in his district to select a replacement nominee, who would run with no Republican opponent in the November 2006 general election. They selected the openly gay (and openly HIV-positive) Greg Harris.Many of McKeon's campaigns won the backing of the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund.In 1991 his longtime partner, Ray Korzinski, was diagnosed with AIDS, dying just 12 weeks later."@en .corpus86.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denny_Chin> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Denny Chin (Chinese: 陳卓光; pinyin: Chén Zhuóguāng) is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.  He was a judge on the United States district court for the Southern District of New York before joining the federal appeals bench.  President Clinton nominated Chin to the district court on March 24, 1994, and Chin was confirmed August 9 of that same year.  On October 6, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Chin to the federal appeals court.  He was confirmed on April 22, 2010 by the U.S. Senate, filling the vacancy created by Judge Robert D. Sack who assumed senior status.  Chin was the first Asian American appointed as a U.S. District Judge outside of the Ninth Circuit."@en .corpus87.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Tate> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Deborah Taylor Tate was a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).  She was nominated by President George W. Bush on 2005-11-09, for the remainder of the term expiring 2007-06-30. She was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on 2005-12-21, and sworn in as FCC Commissioner on 2006-01-03.  She has spoken out in favor of Digital Rights Management and suggested TV may be a contributing factor in childhood obesity.In April 2007, the Center for Public Integrity reported that Tate, a Nashville native, received talking points on how to best oppose the pending merger between satellite radio firms XM and Sirius from a representative of Clear Channel, a terrestrial radio company opposing the deal.On December 30, 2008 the FCC announced that Tate would be resigning from office; as one of the three Republican commissioners, her departure was a sure thing given the new Barack Obama administration was set to take office in early January. In June 2009, President Obama nominated Mignon L. Clyburn to take her place."@en .corpus87.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_State_Board_of_Education> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Illinois State Board of Education (ISBE) administers public education in the state of Illinois. The State Board consists of nine members who are appointed by the Governor with the consent of the Senate. Board members serve four-year terms, with State Board membership limited to two consecutive terms. The board sets educational policies and guidelines for public and private schools, preschool through grade 12, as well as vocational education. It analyzes the aims, needs and requirements of education and recommends legislation to the Illinois General Assembly and Governor for the benefit of the more than 2 million school children in the state.Local municipalities and their respective school districts operate individual public schools but the ISBE audits performance of public schools with the Illinois School Report Card. The agency is headquartered at 100 North 1st Street in Springfield. The agency also has offices at the James R. Thompson Center in the Chicago Loop.\"Illinois Governor Pat Quinn named former Chicago School Board President Gery Chico as the new Chairman of the Illinois State Board of Education on Tuesday, June 7, 2011. Quinn said that day in Chicago that Chico's \"decades of experience\" in education and administration will be a boon to the state's schools. Chico became President of the Chicago School Board in 1995 when the city took over the schools. He helped close a budget deficit, build new schools and repair old ones, and got credit for raising test scores....Chico lost the Chicago mayor's race this year and finished fifth in the 2004 Democratic Senate primary that Barack Obama won.\""@en .corpus87.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Adelstein> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jonathan Steven Adelstein is an American political appointee and trade association president. He was nominated to posts by Republican President George W. Bush and Democratic President Barack Obama, serving as a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and Administrator of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Utilities Service.He currently is President and CEO of PCIA - The Wireless Infrastructure Association, which represents over 200 companies that build wireless broadband facilities in the United States."@en .corpus87.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesser_prairie_chicken> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The lesser prairie chicken (Tympanuchus pallidicinctus), a species in the grouse family, is slightly smaller and paler than its near relative the Greater Prairie Chicken. About half of its current population lives in western Kansas, with the other half in the sandhills and prairies of western Oklahoma, the Texas Panhandle including the Llano Estacado, eastern New Mexico, and southeastern Colorado.Like its larger relative, it is known for its lekking behavior.Considered \"vulnerable\" by the IUCN due to its restricted and patchy range, it is vulnerable to habitat destruction. There is evidence suggesting that global warming may have a particularly detrimental influence by greatly reducing the size of the sagebrush ecosystem. Subfossil remains are known, e.g., from Rocky Arroyo in the Guadalupe Mountains, outside the species' current range but where more habitat existed in the less humid conditions in the outgoing last ice age. Range contraction apparently took place no later than about 8000 BC. The United States Department of the Interior has proposed creating a Lesser Prairie Chicken Preserve as a National Monument, but it remains controversial, and President Barack Obama has not taken action on the proposal under the Antiquities Act of 1906 as of February 2012. On March 27th 2014, the Lesser Prairie Chicken was listed as threatened (T) under the Endangered Species Act."@en .corpus87.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_Martin_VH-71_Kestrel> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Lockheed Martin VH-71 Kestrel is a variant of the AgustaWestland AW101 (formerly EH101) built to replace the United States Marine Corps' Marine One U.S. Presidential transport fleet. It was developed and built by the Lockheed Martin–led \"US101 Team\" of Lockheed Martin Systems Integration – Owego (LMSI), AgustaWestland and Bell Helicopter.In February 2009, President Barack Obama asked Secretary of Defense Robert Gates about placing the project on hold or canceling it because of its high cost: over $13 billion for the planned 28 helicopters. In June 2009, the U.S. Navy terminated the contract after spending about $4.4 billion and taking delivery of nine VH-71s.  The helicopters were then sold to Canada for $164 million for use as spare parts for its fleet of AgustaWestland CH-149 Cormorant search-and-rescue helicopters."@en .corpus87.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_Democratic_Party> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Oklahoma Democratic Party is an Oklahoma political party affiliated with the United States Democratic Party. Along with the Oklahoma Republican Party, it is one of the two major parties in Oklahoma politics.The Oklahoma Democratic Party describes itself as neither liberal or conservative, but \"squarely in the center of the political spectrum.\"The party mission statement goes on to say:Unlike the far left, we know that less government is sometimes a better government, and that government cannot solve every difficulty faced by our society. But, unlike the far right, we understand there is a role for government to play in finding solutions to our country's problems.The party has dominated local politics in Oklahoma almost since the days of early statehood in 1907. In national politics, the party became a dominant force beginning with the presidential election of 1932 and the Franklin D. Roosevelt political re-alignment. Since 1932, the majority of members of Congress from Oklahoma have been Democrats, and of the 27 men and women who have been elected to the office of Governor of Oklahoma, 22 have been Democrats.However, the party has fared poorly since 1994. Democrats lost all six Congressional races that year and since then have only won a single seat back, only to lose it again in the 2012 election. In response, the traditionally disorganized Oklahoma Democrats have taken steps to create a more organized state party, hiring a professional executive director in 1995. Even so, Democrats continued to lose ground in the 2000s, losing control of both the Oklahoma House of Representatives and the Oklahoma Senate. In 2008, Oklahoma gave the lowest percentage of any state's vote to national Democrat Barack Obama in the presidential election.As of January 15, 2013, there are 962,072 registered Democratic voters in Oklahoma.In the 2012 general election, the party was successful in defending all incumbents in the Oklahoma Legislature and defeating two Republican House members."@en .corpus87.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Bridges> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Steve Bridges (May 22, 1963 – March 3, 2012) was an American comedian, impressionist, and actor who \"developed a repertoire of over 200 impressions, including TV characters Barney Fife and Homer Simpson, broadcasters Tom Brokaw, Paul Harvey and Rush Limbaugh, and political leaders Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Barack Obama and Arnold Schwarzenegger\".In 2006, he appeared alongside President George W. Bush at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner, mimicking the president by voicing the president's \"inner thoughts\" during Bush's presidential speech. His accurate portrayal of Bush led to Bridges being cast as the president in episodes of both JAG and its spin-off, NCIS.Bridges was a Biola University alumnus."@en .corpus88.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard_Academic_Music_Program> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Girard Academic Music Program (GAMP) is a magnet secondary school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The school is operated by the School District of Philadelphia.GAMP covers grades five through twelve, and offers many extracurricular activities including: concert band, orchestra, chamber strings, jazz band, concert choir, high school and middle school choirs, middle school band, theatre productions, instrumental lessons for beginners. Because there are so many extracurricular activities related to music, there are relatively few non-musical ones.The school is very concentrated on the performing arts but still enjoys a fine academic tradition. GAMP offers an advanced placement course in Music Theory.As of school year 2013-2014, Principal Carol Domb administers the school. The school is broken up into three primary aspects.  The first is Music Theory/Music Technology, which every student must take. The concentration of these subjects intensifies when students enter the high school level.  The next aspect is Instrumental.  Students who take lessons are required to participate in the beginner level bands. When they reach the high school level they may enter the more complicated bands that the school offers.  Their open eighth or free period is geared towards the practice for these musical ensembles. Last is the vocal training.  All students from grades 5-12 are required to participate in the choir with the choirs being broken up into Middle School Choir (grades 5-8), and High School Choir (grades 9-12). However there are students that exceed others at the art of singing and can try out for the special Concert Choir which only includes high school students, but exceptions can be made for students in 8th grade with exceptional vocal talent.  The Concert Choir is the heart and soul of GAMP, touring and performing for many high-ranking officials in the Philadelphia School District, and also performs for other musical fixtures in the Philadelphia Area.  The Concert Choir has performed for United States President Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, the Philadelphia Phillies, John Street, Michael Nutter, Tom Corbett, and many other local political and district officials. They have also performed with Paul Simon.GAMP is very popular with the South Philadelphia community and known for musical theater and talent shows, alternating annually. However this tradition has recently been changed into an annual musical, and an annual student run talent show."@en .corpus88.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_1st_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Washington's 1st congressional district encompasses the majority of Whatcom, Skagit, and Snohomish counties, as well as nearly one-third of King County. The eastern edge of the district follows county lines from the Canadian border down to the I-90 corridor. Then it follows I-90 west to West Lake Sammamish, and from there north to I-5. The western border follows the I-5 corridor north to Bellingham, then along the coast to Canada. The 2012 redistricting drastically changed the 1st district. Much of this area was previously part of the 2nd district, but in the new map the 2nd has shrunk significantly. Jay Inslee (D) was the representative of the 1st District until resigning to run for Governor of the state, but most of the district has been represented by Rick Larsen (D), of the 2nd District, in the past.Soon after the 2012 general election polls closed, the Seattle Times and national news organizations called the district for Democrat Suzan DelBene, defeating Republican John Koster with a margin that the Seattle Times called \"unexpectedly decisive\", reflecting the difficulty of predicting the vote in the new district. The certified results confirmed her significant margin. DelBene also won the election for the remainder of Inslee's term in the old First District, and after being sworn in on November 13, 2012, is serving in the 112th Congress.In presidential elections, the 1st District has leaned Democratic. Under the old boundaries, Al Gore and John Kerry narrowly carried the district in 2000 and 2004 with 48% and 51% of the vote, respectively. In 2008, Barack Obama swept the district with 55.60% of the vote while John McCain received 42%."@en .corpus88.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_National_Forest> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The San Juan National Forest is a U.S. National Forest covering over 1,878,846 acres (2,935.7 sq mi, or 7,603.42 km²) in western Colorado. The forest occupies land in Archuleta, Conejos, Dolores, Hinsdale, La Plata, Mineral, Montezuma, Rio Grande, San Miguel and San Juan Counties. It borders the Uncompahgre National Forest to the north and the Rio Grande National Forest to the east.  The forest covers most of the southern portion of the San Juan Mountains west of the Continental Divide.  The forest contains two alpine wilderness areas; the Weminuche and South San Juan, as well as the Piedra Area.The Durango and Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad passes through the National Forest.Theodore Roosevelt created the forest by proclamation on June 3, 1905. Forest headquarters are located in Durango, Colorado. There are local ranger district offices in Bayfield, Dolores, and Pagosa Springs. President Barack Obama designated part of the forest as Chimney Rock National Monument by proclamation on September 21, 2012."@en .corpus89.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_McEdwards> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Colleen McEdwards (born in southern Ontario, Canada, 1964) is a Canadian who has spent 16 years anchoring for CNN International and 10 years reporting for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. CNNI Bio Photo:Journalist and EducatorShe continues to consult in the industry and teaches journalism at Georgia State University, also directing study abroad programs and directing the department's writing center.  She completed her Ph.D. in 2011. GSU Biography   McEdwards won awards for her political coverage and for her coverage of the sensational Paul Bernardo trial in Canada. Covering legal affairs, she was an outspoken critic of the various court imposed publication bans that prevented accurate trial information from being reported to the public. Right to Know She reported in Canada, the U.S., Prague and Haiti for the CBC, and for CNN and CNN International from Moscow during Vladimir Putin's first term Moscow Link.  She covered the withdrawal of Soviet troops from Czechoslovakia and developed expertise in Eastern European affairs. Her international assignments for CNNI included the Lockerbie Bombing trial, the global SARS outbreak, as well as the 2008 U.S. Election campaign and leadership tours of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. She received international recognition for her anchoring during the downing of SwissAir 111, the Iraq conflict, the Asia Tsunami, the global financial crisis, Taiwan's Red Shirt uprising, the September 11'th attacks and many other global events.  She has interviewed global leaders including Hillary Clinton, John Edwards, Bill Gates, Tony Blair, Hamid Karzai, Benjamin Netanyahu, Muhammad Yunus, and celebrities such as Angelina Jolie, Lleyton Hewitt, Alexander Ovechkin, Sergei Fedorov, Erin Brokovich, Julia Ormond and Mick Fleetwood. Before his death in 2010, U.S. Ambassador Richard Holbrooke described her as one of the most intelligent interviewers and professional presences on international television, someone by whom he always appreciated being interviewed. Holbrooke McEdwards was referenced as a member of a \"dream team\" for international news coverage in a Financial Times column. FT ColumnShe became a U.S. citizen in 2008; however, maintains a Canadian passport."@en .corpus89.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsical> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Newsical (styled \"NEWSical\") is a musical with music, lyrics and book written by Rick Crom. In ever-changing songs and sketches it lampoons current events, hot topics, celebrities, politicians and other well-known entities.  Everyone from President Barack Obama, Lady Gaga, Nancy Grace and Oprah Winfrey to Christina Aguilera, Elena Kagan, Dr.Phill and Sarah Palin are skewered.  New songs are added on a continual basis to keep up with the headlines.The musical began with a cabaret production in 2002 before moving Off-off-Broadway in 2004.  It has since been revised and produced several times."@en .corpus89.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Laverdure> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Donald \"Del\" Laverdure was the Acting Assistant Secretary for the Bureau of Indian Affairs and former Assistant Professor of Law & Director of the American Indian Law Program at Michigan State University College of Law.  He has served as Chairman of the Crow Nation Judicial Ethics Board, and Appellate Judge of the Keweenaw Bay Indian Community.Laverdure has testified before the Parliament of Canada on issues such as self-governance legislation and the Crow Tribal Legislature on water rights, tobacco taxes, and tribal tax legislation. Prior to joining the Michigan State University College of faculty, Laverdure was Executive Director of the Great Lakes Indian Law Center at the University of Wisconsin Law School.Starting on April 27, 2012, he replaced a retiring Larry Echo Hawk to serve as Acting Assistant Secretary at the Bureau of Indian Affairs until President Barack Obama nominates a new Assistant Secretary to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate."@en .corpus89.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_Lee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gavin Lee (born 15 October 1971) is an English actor who starred as Bert on Broadway in the musical Mary Poppins. He previously originated the role in the original West End production. He was chosen for the Broadway role because of his critically acclaimed performance as Bert in the West End production. He departed the Broadway production after nearly two years to launch the US National Tour, but returned to the Broadway production in August 2010 until January 2013.Lee is an alumnus of the Doreen Bird College of Performing Arts after which he has been involved in various musicals as a performer and choreographer. In 2004, he auditioned to be the Bert understudy in the London production of Mary Poppins, but managed to win the role outright.Lee was nominated for Best Performance by an Actor in a Musical at the 2005 Olivier Awards and the 2005 Theatregoer's Choice Awards for originating the West End role of Bert. For his Broadway performance, Lee was nominated for the 2006 Outer Critics Circle Awards (Outstanding Actor in a Musical) and the 2007 Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical. He also won the 2007 Drama Desk Award for Featured Actor in a Musical and an award for Outstanding Broadway Debut at the 63rd annual Theatre World Awards. In August 2007, Lee was added to Sardi's caricature gallery with other Broadway actors.In June 2008, Lee performed in a concert version of Show Boat at Carnegie Hall.Lee is married to Emily Harvey, an American actress who was playing role of Mme Firmin in London's The Phantom of the Opera during his own run in London's Mary Poppins.In addition, he has worked as part of Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera film adaptation, appearing as one of the singers/dancers in the \"Masquerade\" scene.Lee and former London co-star Laura Michelle Kelly performed as Bert and Mary Poppins in the America Celebrates 4 July at Fords Theatre in front of President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama on 6 June 2010. The special aired on 2 July 2010 on ABC. Lee again reunited with Kelly when he returned to the role of Bert in the Broadway production of Mary Poppins on 24 August 2010.He took over the role of Jerry Travers in the West End production of Top Hat beginning 5 February 2013. He will join the Broadway revival of Les Miserables as Thenardier beginning 3 March 2015."@en .corpus89.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Milk> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Chris Milk is an American music video director and photographer. He has directed videos for Kanye West,  U2,  Green Day,  Courtney Love, Audioslave, Modest Mouse, Gnarls Barkley and Arcade Fire. He also has numerous television commercials to his credit. Milk is signed to @radical.media in the United States for commercials/music videos and WME Entertainment for feature films.Milk was the accomplice on a prank pulled on Kanye West during the filming of the music video for \"Jesus Walks\" in an episode of Punk'd.Milk directed the second unit on \"A Mother's Promise\", the Barack Obama bio film that played before his speech at the Democratic National Convention in 2008.Milk was awarded the \"Music Video Production Association\" Award for 2008 \"Music Video Director of the Year\".In September, 2009 Milk photographed Kanye West using 3-D scanning and CGI for Complex Magazine's 7th Anniversary cover."@en .corpus89.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_of_Achievement> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Academy of Achievement is a Washington, D.C.-based non-profit organization that aims to bring high profile, successful people from various fields together with \"young achievers\" to inspire them to succeed.The organization presents its annual \"Golden Plate\" award to high achieving individuals.Notable recipients of the award who have participated in the International Achievement Summit include Barack Obama, Jonas Salk,Michael Jordan,Toni Morrison, John Updike, Ronald Reagan,John Wayne, Mickey Mantle,Maya Angelou,Desmond Tutu, Neil Armstrong, Sally Ride,Bob Dylan, Johnny Cash, Ray Charles,Aretha Franklin,James Watson and Francis Crick, Linus Pauling, Tim Berners-Lee,Dizzy Gillespie,Audrey Hepburn, Sidney Poitier, Oprah Winfrey, George Lucas, Steven Spielberg, Norman Mailer, Gore Vidal,Bill Gates, Henry Kissinger, Roger Bannister, Bill Clinton, Hillary Rodham Clinton,George H. W. Bush, Benazir Bhutto, Shimon Peres, Mikhail Gorbachev, Lech Walesa and Steve Jobs."@en .corpus89.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary_Rodham_Clinton> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton (/ˈhɪləri daɪˈæn ˈrɒdəm ˈklɪntən/; born October 26, 1947) is a former United States Secretary of State, U.S. Senator, and First Lady of the United States. From 2009 to 2013, she was the 67th Secretary of State, serving under President Barack Obama. She previously represented New York in the U.S. Senate (2001 to 2009). Before that, as the wife of the 42nd President of the United States, Bill Clinton, she was First Lady from 1993 to 2001. In the 2008 election, Clinton was a leading candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination.A native of Illinois, Hillary Rodham was the first student commencement speaker at Wellesley College in 1969 and earned a J.D. from Yale Law School in 1973. After a brief stint as a Congressional legal counsel, she moved to Arkansas and married Bill Clinton in 1975. Rodham cofounded Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families in 1977. In 1978, she became the first female chair of the Legal Services Corporation, and in 1979, the first female partner at Rose Law Firm. The National Law Journal twice listed her as one of the hundred most influential lawyers in America. As First Lady of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and 1983 to 1992 with her husband as Governor, she led a task force that reformed Arkansas's education system. During that time, she was on the board of directors of Wal-Mart and several other corporations.In 1994, as First Lady of the United States, her major initiative, the Clinton health care plan, failed to gain approval from the U.S. Congress. However, in 1997 and 1999, Clinton played a leading role in advocating the creation of the State Children's Health Insurance Program, the Adoption and Safe Families Act, and the Foster Care Independence Act. Her years as First Lady drew a polarized response from the American public. The only First Lady to have been subpoenaed, she testified before a federal grand jury in 1996 regarding the Whitewater controversy, but was never charged with wrongdoing in this or several other investigations during the Clinton presidency. Her marriage endured the Lewinsky scandal in 1998.After moving to New York, Clinton was elected the first female senator from the state; she is the only First Lady ever to have run for public office. Following the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, she supported military action in Afghanistan and the Iraq War Resolution, but subsequently objected to the George W. Bush administration's conduct of the war in Iraq. She opposed most of Bush's domestic policies. Clinton was reelected to the Senate in 2006. Running in the 2008 Democratic presidential primaries, Clinton won far more primaries and delegates than any other female candidate in American history, but narrowly lost the nomination to Obama.Selected to serve as Secretary of State by Obama, Clinton was confirmed by the Senate in January 2009. She was at the forefront of the U.S. response to the Arab Spring and advocated the U.S. military intervention in Libya. As Secretary of State, she took responsibility for security lapses related to the 2012 Benghazi attack, which resulted in the deaths of American consulate personnel, but defended her personal actions in regard to the matter. Clinton visited more countries than any other Secretary of State. She viewed \"smart power\" as the strategy for asserting U.S. leadership and values, by combining military power with diplomacy and American capabilities in economics, technology, and other areas. She encouraged empowerment of women everywhere and used social media to communicate the U.S. message abroad."@en .corpus89.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_(United_States)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Democratic Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States, along with the younger Republican Party.Tracing its origins back to the Democratic-Republican Party, the modern Democratic Party was founded around 1828. There have been 15 Democratic presidents, the first being Andrew Jackson, who served from 1829 to 1837; the most recent is the current president, Barack Obama, who has served since 2009.Since the 1930s, the party has promoted a social-liberal and center-left platform, supporting a mixed economy and social justice. The party's philosophy of modern American liberalism advocates civil and political rights and liberties along with the welfare state. It pursues a mixed economy by providing government intervention and regulation in the economy. These interventions, such as universal health care, labor protection, social programs, equal opportunity, consumer protection, and environmental protection, form the party's economic policy basis.Until the late 20th century the party had a conservative pro-business wing based in major cities and a populist wing based in the rural South. After 1932 the business wing withered and after 1980 the Southern populists moved into the Republican Party. Today, the Congressional Democratic caucus is composed mostly of progressives and centrists.In the 114th Congress, following the 2014 elections, the Democratic Party holds a minority of seats in the House of Representatives as well as in the United States Senate. The party also holds a minority of governorships and control of a minority of state legislatures."@en .corpus89.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq_War> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Iraq War was a protracted armed conflict that began with the 2003 invasion of Iraq led by the United States. The invasion toppled the government of Saddam Hussein. The conflict, however, continued for much of the next decade as an insurgency emerged to oppose the occupying forces and the post-invasion Iraqi government. The United States officially withdrew from the country in 2011, but the insurgency and various dimensions of the civil armed conflict continue.The invasion began on 20 March 2003. The U.S., joined by the United Kingdom and several coalition allies, launched a \"shock and awe\" surprise attack without declaring war. Iraqi forces were quickly overwhelmed as U.S. forces swept through the country. The invasion led to the collapse of the Ba'athist government; Saddam was captured in December 2003 and executed by a military court three years later. However, the power vacuum following Saddam's demise and the mismanagement of the occupation led to widespread sectarian violence between Shias and Sunnis as well as a lengthy insurgency against U.S. and coalition forces. The United States responded with a troop surge in 2007; the heavy American security presence and deals made between the occupying forces and Sunni militias reduced the level of violence. The U.S. began withdrawing its troops in the winter of 2007-2008. The winding down of U.S. involvement in Iraq accelerated under President Barack Obama. The U.S. formally withdrew all combat troops from Iraq by December 2011.The Bush Administration based its rationale for war principally on the assertion that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction (WMDs) and that Saddam's government posed an immediate threat to the United States and its coalition allies. Select U.S. officials accused Saddam of harboring and supporting al-Qaeda, while others cited the desire to end a repressive dictatorship and bring democracy to the people of Iraq. After the invasion, no substantial evidence was found to verify the initial claims about WMDs. The rationale and misrepresentation of pre-war intelligence faced heavy criticism within the U.S. and internationally.As a result of the war, Iraq held multi-party elections in 2005. Nouri al-Maliki became Prime Minister in 2006 and remained in office until 2014. The Maliki government enacted policies that was widely seen as having the effect of alienating the country's Sunni minority, which worsened sectarian tensions.  In the summer of 2014, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) launched a military offensive in Northern Iraq and declared a worldwide Islamic caliphate, eliciting another military response from the United States and its allies. The Iraq War caused hundreds of thousands of civilian and military casualties (see estimates below). The majority of casualties occurred as a result of the insurgency and civil conflicts between 2004 and 2007."@en .corpus9.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhumpa_Lahiri> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jhumpa Lahiri (Bengali: ঝুম্পা লাহিড়ী; born on July 11, 1967) is an Indian American author. Lahiri's debut short story collection, Interpreter of Maladies (1999), won the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, and her first novel, The Namesake (2003), was adapted into the popular film of the same name. She was born Nilanjana Sudeshna but goes by her nickname (or in Bengali, her \"Daak naam\") Jhumpa. Lahiri is a member of the President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities, appointed by U.S. President Barack Obama. Her book The Lowland, published in 2013, was a nominee for the Man Booker Prize and the National Book Award for Fiction."@en .corpus9.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_National_Committee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Democratic National Committee (DNC) is the principal organization governing the United States Democratic Party on a day-to-day basis.  While it is responsible for overseeing the process of writing a platform every four years, the DNC's central focus is on campaign and political activity in support of Democratic Party candidates, and not on public policy. The DNC was established at the 1848 Democratic National Convention.The Democratic National Committee provides national leadership for the Democratic Party of the United States. It is responsible for promoting the Democratic political platform, as well as coordinating fundraising and election strategy. Shortly after his inauguration, Barack Obama transferred his Obama For America organization to the DNC, along with its 13 million person email list, as restrictions prevented him from taking it with him to the White House. Renamed Organizing For America, the organization also controls the BarackObama.com domain and website and is expected to work closely with Obama's New Media Director Macon Phillips, who will manage the WhiteHouse.gov – formerly Change.gov – website, though Phillips' duties technically fall under the White House umbrella, not the DNC.The DNC's main counterpart is the Republican National Committee."@en .corpus9.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Souter> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "David Hackett Souter (/ˈsuːtər/; born September 17, 1939) is a retired Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He served from October 1990 until his retirement in June 2009. Appointed by President George H. W. Bush to fill the seat vacated by William J. Brennan, Jr., Souter sat on both the Rehnquist and Roberts courts and came to vote reliably with the court's centrist members.He was the only Justice during his time on the Court with extensive prior court experience outside of a federal appeals court. He served as a prosecutor (1966–1968), in the New Hampshire Attorney General's office (1968–1976), as the Attorney General of New Hampshire (1976–1978), as an Associate Justice of the Superior Court of New Hampshire (1978–1983), as an Associate Justice of the New Hampshire Supreme Court (1983–1990) and briefly as a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit (1990).Following Souter's retirement announcement in May 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Sonia Sotomayor as his successor."@en .corpus9.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Sandoval> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Arturo Sandoval (born November 6, 1949) is a Cuban jazz trumpeter, pianist and composer.  He was born in Artemisa, Cuba.Sandoval, while still in Cuba, was influenced by jazz legends Charlie Parker, Clifford Brown, and Dizzy Gillespie, finally meeting Dizzy later in 1977. Gillespie promptly became a mentor and colleague, playing with Arturo in concerts in Europe and Cuba and later featuring him in The United Nations Orchestra. Sandoval defected to the United States of America in Spain, while touring with Gillespie in 1990, and became a naturalized citizen in 1999.Sandoval's life was the subject of the 2000 TV film For Love or Country: The Arturo Sandoval Story, starring Andy García as Arturo Sandoval. He currently resides in Calabasas, California. Sandoval has been awarded 10 Grammy Awards, and nominated 17 times; he has also received 6 Billboard Awards and one Emmy Award.On August 8, 2013, President Barack Obama announced that Arturo Sandoval would be a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom."@en .corpus9.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhold_Niebuhr> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Karl Paul Reinhold Niebuhr (/ˈraɪnhoʊld ˈniːbʊər/; June 21, 1892 – June 1, 1971) was an American theologian,  ethicist, public intellectual, commentator on politics and public affairs, and professor at Union Theological Seminary for more than 30 years. The brother of another prominent theological ethicist, H. Richard Niebuhr, he is also known for authoring the Serenity Prayer, and received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1964. Among his most influential books are Moral Man and Immoral Society and The Nature and Destiny of Man. Starting as a minister with working-class and labor class sympathies in the 1920s oriented to theological pacifism, he shifted to neo-orthodox realist theology in the 1930s and developed the theo-philosophical perspective known as Christian realism. He attacked utopianism as ineffectual for dealing with reality, writing in The Children of Light and the Children of Darkness (1944):\"Man's capacity for justice makes democracy possible; but man's inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary.\"Niebuhr's realism deepened after 1945 and led him to support American efforts to confront Soviet communism around the world. A powerful speaker, he was one of the most influential thinkers of the 1940s and 1950s in public affairs. Niebuhr battled with religious liberals over what he called their naïve views of the contradictions of human nature and the optimism of the Social Gospel, and battled with the religious conservatives over what he viewed as their naïve view of scripture and their narrow definition of \"true religion\". During this time he was viewed by many as the intellectual rival of John Dewey. Niebuhr was also one of the founders of Americans for Democratic Action and spent time at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.Niebuhr's long-term impact on political philosophy and political theology involve his utilizing the resources of the Christian faith to argue for political realism and his contributions to modern just war thinking. His work has also significantly influenced international relations theory, leading many scholars to move away from idealism and embrace realism. Many leading political scientists, such as George F. Kennan, Hans Morgenthau, Kenneth Waltz, and political historians, such as Richard Hofstadter, Arthur Schlesinger Jr., and Christopher Lasch, have noted his influence on their thinking. Andrew Bacevich labelled Niebuhr's book The Irony of American History \"the most important book ever written on U.S. foreign policy.\"Aside from academics, numerous politicians and activists such as U.S. President Barack Obama, former President Jimmy Carter, Martin Luther King, Jr., Hillary Rodham Clinton, Hubert Humphrey, Dean Acheson,  Madeleine Albright, and John McCain have also cited his influence on their thought. Arthur Schlesinger described Niebuhr as \"the most influential American theologian of the 20th century\" and Time Magazine posthumously called Niebuhr  \"the greatest Protestant theologian in America since Jonathan Edwards\". Recent years have seen a renewed interest in Niebuhr's work, in part because of Obama's stated admiration for Niebuhr."@en .corpus9.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Summers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lawrence Henry \"Larry\" Summers (born November 30, 1954) is an American economist who is President Emeritus and Charles W. Eliot University Professor of Harvard University.Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Summers became a professor of economics at Harvard University in 1983. He left Harvard in 1991, working as the Chief Economist at the World Bank from 1991 to 1993. In 1993, Summers was appointed Undersecretary for International Affairs of the United States Department of the Treasury under the Clinton Administration. In 1995, he was promoted to Deputy Secretary of the Treasury under his long-time political mentor Robert Rubin. In 1999, he succeeded Rubin as Secretary of the Treasury. While working for the Clinton administration Summers played a leading role in the American response to the 1994 economic crisis in Mexico, the 1997 Asian financial crisis, and the Russian financial crisis. He was also influential in the American advised privatization of the economies of the Post-Soviet states, and in the deregulation of the U.S financial system, including the abolishment of the Glass-Steagall Act.Following the end of Clinton's term, Summers served as the 27th President of Harvard University from 2001 to 2006. Summers resigned as Harvard's president in the wake of a no-confidence vote by Harvard faculty that resulted in large part from Summers's conflict with Cornel West, financial conflict of interest questions regarding his relationship with Andrei Shleifer, and a 2005 speech in which he suggested that the under-representation of women in science and engineering could be due to a \"different availability of aptitude at the high end\", and less to patterns of discrimination and socialization. After his departure from Harvard, Summers made millions as a managing partner at the hedge fund D. E. Shaw & Co., and by giving paid speeches to major financial institutions, including Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Merrill Lynch and Lehman Brothers. Summers rejoined public service during the Obama administration, serving as the Director of the White House United States National Economic Council for President Barack Obama from January 2009 until November 2010, where he emerged as a key economic decision-maker in the Obama administration's response to the Great Recession. After his departure from the NEC in December 2010, Summers has worked in the private sector and as a columnist in major newspapers. In mid-2013, his name was widely floated as the potential successor to Ben Bernanke as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, though after pushback from the left, Obama eventually nominated Federal Reserve Vice-Chairwoman Janet Yellen for the position."@en .corpus90.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Dean> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Howard Brush Dean III (born November 17, 1948) is an American former politician who served as the 79th Governor of Vermont from 1991 to 2003 and Chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) from 2005 to 2009.  Dean was a candidate for the Democratic nomination in the U.S. Presidential Election, 2004. His implementation of the fifty-state strategy as head of the DNC, as well as his campaigning methods during the 2004 presidential campaign, are considered significant factors behind Democratic victories in the 2006 congressional elections and the 2008 presidential election.He was the Lieutenant Governor of Vermont from 1987 to 1991, and a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1983 to 1986. In the 2004 election, Dean was the top fundraiser and front runner, prior to the Iowa caucus, for the Democratic Party presidential nomination. Although his presidential campaign was unsuccessful, Dean pioneered Internet-based fundraising and grassroots organizing, which is centered on mass appeal to small donors which is more cost efficient than the more expensive contacting of fewer potential larger donors, and promotes active participatory democracy among the general public. He used these methods when founding Democracy for America, a progressive political action committee, in 2004.Before entering politics, Dean earned his medical degree from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in 1978. Dean was elected to the Vermont House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1982 and was elected lieutenant governor in 1986. Both were part-time positions that enabled him to continue practicing medicine. In 1991, Dean became governor of Vermont when Richard A. Snelling died in office. Dean was subsequently elected to five two-year terms, serving from 1991 to 2003, making him the second longest-serving governor in Vermont history, after Thomas Chittenden (1778–1789 and 1790–1791). Dean served as chairman of the National Governors Association from 1994 to 1995; during his term, Vermont paid off much of its public debt and had a balanced budget 11 times, lowering income taxes twice. Dean also oversaw the expansion of the \"Dr. Dynasaur\" program, which ensures universal health care for children and pregnant women in the state. He is a noted staunch supporter of universal health care.Dean denounced the 2003 invasion of Iraq and called on Democrats to oppose the Bush administration. Dean showed fundraising ability, and was a pioneer of political fundraising via the Internet; however, he lost the nomination to Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts. Dean formed the organization Democracy for America and later was elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee in February 2005. As chairman of the party, Dean created and employed the 50 State Strategy that attempted to make Democrats competitive in normally conservative states often dismissed in the past as \"solid red\". The success of the strategy became apparent after the 2006 midterm elections, where Democrats took back the House and picked up seats in the Senate from normally Republican states such as Missouri and Montana. In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama used the 50 state strategy as the backbone of his candidacy.Dean was named chairman emeritus of the DNC upon his retirement. He was mentioned as a possible candidate for Secretary of Health and Human Services and Surgeon General under the Obama administration. Since retiring from the DNC chairman position, Dean has held neither elected office nor an official position in the Democratic Party and currently works as an adviser at the lobbying firm McKenna Long & Aldridge. Dean expressed interest in running for the presidency in 2016, but published an op-ed in December 2014 in which he outlined why he would support former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton should she decide to run for president."@en .corpus90.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_billionaires> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "According to Forbes 2014 ranking of the world's billionaires, Nigerian business magnate Aliko Dangote with a net worth of $25 billion is the world's richest black person. The other Blacks on the list are Nigeria's Mike Adenuga with $4.6 billion, American media mogul Oprah Winfrey and South African gold magnate Patrice Motsepe, each with $2.9 billion, Nigeria's Folorunsho Alakija with $2.5 billion, Nigeria's Abdulsmad Rabiu with $1.2 billion and Mo Ibrahim, a British billionaire of Sudanese Nubian ancestry, who has been on the Forbes Billionaire list since 2008 and in 2012 had a net worth of $1.1 billion.From 2001 to 2003, Forbes listed American television network executive Bob Johnson as a billionaire, but dropped him after his fortune was split in his divorce. He returned to Forbes Billionaire list in 2007 with a net worth of $1.1 billion. In 2008 Johnson's wealth dropped again, this time to approximately $1.0 billion  and by 2009 he fell off the list again.Nigerian petroleum executive Femi Otedola briefly emerged as a billionaire in 2009, but has not been listed in the following years. In the summer of 2014, Michael Jordan emerged as a billionaire but not in time to qualify for the 2014 Forbes international billionaire list which appears in the winter.  He's expected to make the 2015 listMultiracial billionaires with significant black ancestry have also been identified over the years. Saudi Arabian billionaire Mohammed Al Amoudi, of Hadhrami Yemeni and Ethiopian descent, has been on the Forbes billionaire list since 2002 and in 2012 had a net worth of $12.5 billion. Michael Lee-Chin of Canada, who is Jamaican of Chinese and Black ancestry was on the list from 2001 to 2010, but dropped off in 2011.  In 2013 Isabel Dos Santos who is of both Black and Middle Eastern ancestry made the list with a $2 billion net worth.Of all the above-mentioned billionaires identified by Forbes, only Oprah Winfrey qualified for Forbes 2009's list of the world's 20 most powerful billionaires, a list which considered not only wealth, but also market sway and political clout.  Winfrey was considered especially powerful because of her influence on American consumer choices and her pivotal role in getting Barack Obama elected."@en .corpus90.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerfield_Residence> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For the Chancery, see Embassy of the United States in DublinThe Deerfield Residence (formerly the Chief Secretary's Lodge) is the official residence of the Ambassador of the United States of America to Ireland.The premises has been the Ambassador's Official Residence since 1927, and was previously the Embassy of the United States of America in Ireland. Deerfield Residence is a large 18th-century building, sitting on 62 acres (250,000 m²) of private grounds in the centre of the Phoenix Park in Dublin. It sits across from the official residence of the President of Ireland, Áras an Uachtaráin.The position of United States Ambassador to Ireland is currently held by Kevin O'Malley. O'Malley, who was on June 5, 2014 nominated by the Obama administration as the new Ambassador to Ireland, was commissioned by the United States Senate on September 18, 2014 and appointed to the position by President Barack Obama. O'Malley was sworn-in on September 30, 2014, and presented his credentials to President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins on October 8, 2014. Dan Rooney was the previous ambassador, who resigned in December 2012. Stuart Dwyer had been the Chargé d'affaires since September 5, 2013. Dwyer became Deputy Chief of Mission following the appointment of O'Malley as ambassador."@en .corpus90.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_2nd_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Washington's 2nd congressional district includes all of  Island and  San Juan counties and neighboring areas on the mainland from  Bellingham in the north to  Lynnwood in the south. Before redistricting in 2012, the district encompassed the northern portion of Western Washington from the vicinity of the King/Snohomish county line to the Canadian border, including the San Juan Islands and the exclave of Point Roberts. Since 2001, it has been represented by Democrat Rick Larsen.Originally created in 1909 when Washington was broken up into districts, the Second District was represented by future U.S. Senator Henry M. \"Scoop\" Jackson between 1941 and 1953. It was a reliably Democratic district for most of the latter half of the 20th century until the Republican Revolution of 1994, when retiring Rep. Al Swift was replaced by Jack Metcalf. Larsen has represented the district since Metcalf's retirement in 2001.  He faced a close reelection in 2002, but was handily reelected in 2004 and hasn't faced serious opposition until 2010. In the 2008 election, Larsen easily defeated Republican challenger Rick Bart. In the 2010 election, Larson narrowly avoided defeat against Republican challenger John Koster.In presidential elections, the 2nd District leans Democratic. Al Gore and John Kerry narrowly carried the district in 2000 and 2004 with 48% and 51% of the vote, respectively. In 2008, Barack Obama swept the district with 55.60% of the vote while John McCain received 42%."@en .corpus90.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Perrelli> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Thomas John Perrelli (born March 12, 1966) is an American lawyer and the former United States Associate Attorney General.  He served as Associate Attorney General during the administration of President Barack Obama.  Perrelli also served as Deputy Assistant Attorney General of the United States in the late 1990s."@en .corpus90.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Bauer> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Denise Campbell Bauer is the United States Ambassador to Belgium. After being nominated as ambassador by United States President Barack Obama, Bauer was confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate on August 2, 2013 and sworn in as ambassador on August 7, 2013. She is a former television producer and political manager."@en .corpus90.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kerry> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Forbes Kerry (born December 11, 1943) is an American politician who is the 68th and current United States Secretary of State. He has served in the United States Senate, and was chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Kerry was the candidate of the Democratic Party in the 2004 presidential election, losing to incumbent President George W. Bush.Kerry was born in Aurora, Colorado and attended boarding school in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. He graduated from Yale University class of 1966 with a political science major, and was a member of the Skull and Bones secret society. Kerry enlisted in the Naval Reserve in 1966, and during 1968–1969 served an abbreviated four-month tour of duty in South Vietnam as officer-in-charge (OIC) of a Swift Boat. For that service, he was awarded combat medals that include the Silver Star, Bronze Star, and three Purple Hearts. Securing an early return to the United States, Kerry joined the Vietnam Veterans Against the War in which he served as a nationally recognized spokesman and as an outspoken opponent of the Vietnam War. He appeared in the Fulbright Hearings before the Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs where he deemed United States war policy in Vietnam to be the cause of war crimes.After receiving his J.D. from Boston College Law School, Kerry worked as an Assistant District Attorney. He served as Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts under Michael Dukakis from 1983 to 1985. He won the Democratic primary in 1984 for the U.S. Senate and was sworn in the following January. On the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, he led a series of hearings from 1987 to 1989 which were a precursor to the Iran–Contra affair. Kerry was reelected to additional terms in 1990, 1996, 2002, and 2008. In 2002, Kerry voted to authorize the President \"to use force, if necessary, to disarm Saddam Hussein\", but warned that the administration should exhaust its diplomatic avenues before launching war. In his 2004 presidential campaign, Kerry criticized George W. Bush for the Iraq War. He and his running mate Senator John Edwards lost the race, finishing 35 electoral votes behind Bush-Cheney. Subsequently, he established the Keeping America's Promise PAC. Kerry became chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in 2009. Having been nominated by President Barack Obama to succeed outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and then confirmed by the U.S. Senate by a vote of 94–3 on January 29, 2013, Kerry assumed the office on February 1, 2013."@en .corpus91.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kluczynski_Federal_Building> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Kluczynski Federal Building is a modernist skyscraper in the downtown Chicago Loop located at 230 South Dearborn Street. The 45-story structure was designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and completed in 1974 as the last portion of the new Federal Center. It is 562 feet (171 m) tall and stands on the site previously occupied by the Chicago Federal Building by the architect Henry Ives Cobb. It was named in honor of U.S. Congressman John C. Kluczynski, who represented Illinois's 5th congressional district from 1951 to 1975 after his death that year. This is one of three buildings by van der Rohe in the Federal Center Plaza complex: the others are the US Post Office (Loop Station) and the Everett McKinley Dirksen United States Courthouse.The Kluczynski Building is constructed of a steel frame and contains 1,200,000 sq ft (110,000 m2) of space.  The exterior is sheathed in bronze-tinted glass set into bright aluminum frames.  Beneath the windows are steel spandrel panels painted flat black and windows are separated horizontally by steel mullions of projecting steel I-beams also painted black.  The two-story lobby is recessed allowing for a colonnade or pilotis to encircle the building at street level.  The interior walls and floors of the lobby are covered in granite which entends to the plaza.  The lobby contains several commemorative tablets which were removed from the previous building.The entire complex is based on a 28 ft (8.5 m) grid pattern so that seams of the granite pavers in the plaza extend into the building lobbies and up the sides to create unity among the three structures.  The Center resembles Mies' earlier Toronto-Dominion Centre and was expanded in 1991 with the addition of the 28-story Metcalfe Federal Building to the south across Jackson Boulevard.Alexander Calder's sculpture \"Flamingo\", a 53-foot  (16 m) red steel sculpture, was unveiled on the plaza October 24, 1974.  The sculpture was conserved and restored in 1998  The plaza is also the site of a weekly farmers' market during the spring and summer seasons, open to the community.Federal agencies in the building include the Air Force Recruiting Service, the Department of State Passport Agency, Department of Labor, Internal Revenue Service, Office of Personnel Management, Consumer Product Safety Commission, General Services Administration and offices for both the U.S. senators from Illinois, Richard \"Dick\" Durbin and Mark Kirk.Following his election as president on November 4, 2008, Barack Obama set up transitional offices in the building, prompting heightened security measures in the surrounding area."@en .corpus91.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York's_1st_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The 1st Congressional District of New York is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in eastern Long Island. It includes most of Central and Eastern Suffolk County, including most of Smithtown, as well as the entirety of the towns of Brookhaven, Riverhead, Southold, Southampton, East Hampton, and Shelter Island.  The district encompasses extremely wealthy enclaves such as the Hamptons, middle class suburban towns such as Selden, Centereach and Lake Grove, working-class neighborhoods such as Mastic, Shirley, and Riverhead and rural farming communities such as Mattituck and Jamesport on the North Fork.  The district currently is represented by Republican Lee Zeldin.  Congressman Zeldin defeated Democrat Tim Bishop, who had represented the district since 2003, in the 2014 election.The district was a battleground, as President George W. Bush defeated challenger John Kerry by less than a percentage point in 2004, while in 2008, President Barack Obama defeated John McCain 52%–48%.In 2012, New York underwent redistricting, and the 1st District was slightly modified."@en .corpus91.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord_High_School_(Elkhart,_Indiana)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Concord High School is a public high school in Elkhart County, Indiana, United States with a size of approximately 1,500 students. The school was host to President Barack Obama's first order of business meeting outside of Washington D.C., as well as the site of one of his campaign rallies before the 2008 election."@en .corpus91.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lew> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jacob Joseph \"Jack\" Lew (born August 29, 1955) is an American government administrator and attorney who is the 76th and current United States Secretary of the Treasury, serving since 2013. He served as the 25th White House Chief of Staff from 2012 to 2013. Lew previously served as Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the Clinton and Obama Administrations, and is a member of the Democratic Party.Born in New York City, Lew received his A.B. from Harvard College and his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center. Lew began his career as a legislative assistant to Representative Joe Moakley and as a senior policy adviser to former House Speaker Tip O'Neill. Lew then worked as an attorney in private practice before working as a deputy in Boston's office of management and budget. In 1993, he began work for the Clinton Administration as Special Assistant to the President. In 1994 Lew served as Associate Director for Legislative Affairs and Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget, where he served as Director of that agency from 1998 to 2001 and from 2010 to 2012. After leaving the Clinton Administration, Lew worked as the Executive Vice President for Operations at New York University from 2001 to 2006, and as the COO at Citigroup from 2006 to 2008. Lew then served as the first Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources, from 2009 to 2010.On January 10, 2013, Lew was nominated as the replacement for retiring Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, to serve in President Barack Obama's second term. On February 27, 2013, the Senate confirmed Lew for the position. He was sworn in the following day."@en .corpus91.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York's_15th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "New York's 15th Congressional District is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives located in New York City. The district is currently represented by Democrat José E. Serrano. In area, the seat is the third smallest in the entire U.S.A. The 15th district is located entirely within The Bronx, including most of the southern and western neighborhoods of the borough. Hispanics make up a majority of this district's population. Yankee Stadium and the Bronx Zoo are both located within the district.From 2003 to 2013 it was composed of Upper Manhattan, Rikers Island and a largely non-residential section of northwestern Queens on the shore of the East River mostly occupied by a Consolidated Edison facility and a NYPA power plant.  The district included the neighborhoods of Harlem, Inwood, Marble Hill, Spanish Harlem, Washington Heights, Morningside Heights and portions of the Upper West Side.  The Apollo Theater, Columbia University, and Grant's Tomb were located within this district. Scoring a Cook Partisan Voting Index of D+41 in 2008, the 15th Congressional District is one of the two most Democratic districts in the nation. John Kerry won 90% of the vote in the 15th Congressional District in 2004. In 2012, this district had the highest percentage of the vote for President Barack Obama. He received 96.7% of the vote."@en .corpus91.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York's_16th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "New York's 16th Congressional District is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives represented by Eliot Engel.The 16th district includes the northern Bronx and the southern half of Westchester County, including the suburban cities of Mount Vernon, Yonkers, and Rye.From 2003 to 2013 the district included the neighborhoods of Bedford Park, East Tremont, Fordham, Hunts Point, Melrose, Highbridge, Morrisania, Mott Haven and University Heights.  Yankee Stadium, Fordham University and the Bronx Zoo were located within the district. Before redistricting, the 2010 Census found that approximately 38% of constituents in New York's 16th lived at or below the federal poverty line, the highest poverty rate of any congressional district in the nation. These neighborhoods were largely reassigned to the 15th district after redistricting. The current 16th district, while still containing impoverished areas, such as some neighborhoods of Mount Vernon, also contains affluent areas, such as in Scarsdale and Rye, resulting in a more mixed-income demography.In 2008, the previous version of this district gave Barack Obama his largest victory margin of any congressional district, a margin of 90% (95%-5%). The current 16th district is not as overwhelmingly Democratic as the previous version, but retains a healthy Democratic majority."@en .corpus92.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Cuba and the United States of America have had an interest in one another since well before either of their independence movements. Plans for the purchase of Cuba from the Spanish Empire were put forward at various times by the United States. As the Spanish influence waned in the Caribbean, the United States gradually gained a position of economic and political dominance over the island, with the vast majority of foreign investment holdings and the bulk of imports and exports in its hands, as well as a strong influence on Cuban political affairs.Following the Cuban Revolution of 1959, relations deteriorated substantially and have been marked by tension and confrontation since. The United States does not have formal diplomatic relations with Cuba and has maintained an embargo which makes it illegal for U.S. corporations to do business with Cuba. U.S. diplomatic representation in Cuba is handled by the United States Interests Section in Havana, and there is a similar Cuban Interests Section in Washington, D.C.; both are officially part of the respective embassies of Switzerland. The United States imposed the embargo because of the nationalization of U.S. corporations' property during the revolution, and has stated it will continue it so long as the Cuban government continues to refuse to move toward democratization and greater respect for human rights, hoping to see democratization and a reintroduction of capitalism of the type that took place in Eastern Europe after the revolutions of 1989. Meanwhile, several organizations, including a nearly unanimous UN General Assembly, have called for \"an end to the United States' decades-long economic, commercial and financial embargo against Cuba.\"On December 17, 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raúl Castro announced the beginning of a process of normalizing relations between Cuba and the United States, which media sources have named \"the Cuban Thaw.\" Negotiated in secret in Canada and Vatican City over preceding months, and with the assistance of Pope Francis, the agreement would see the lifting of some U.S. travel restrictions, fewer restrictions on remittances, U.S. banks access to the Cuban financial system, and the establishment of a U.S. embassy in Havana, which closed after Cuba became closely allied with the USSR in 1961."@en .corpus92.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Myers> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Mark D. Myers is an American geologist who served as the fourteenth Director of the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). He was nominated by President George W. Bush on May 3, 2006, confirmed by the U.S. Senate, and sworn in September 26, 2006. Dr. Myers replaced prior director Charles G. Groat, who had resigned effective June 17, 2005.Anticipating the inauguration of Barack Obama as U.S. president, Myers resigned as USGS director on January 8, 2009, \"as is customary during a change in Administrations.\"On January 21, 2009, Alaska Governor Sarah Palin appointed Myers as coordinator for the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act, responsible to lead efforts to expedite state review and permitting for a proposed natural gas pipeline intended to transport natural gas from Alaska's North Slope to markets in the contiguous 48 states of the U.S.On September 3, 2010, Chancellor Rogers of the University of Alaska Fairbanks announced that Myers had accepted the position of UAF Vice Chancellor for research, slated to begin on January 24, 2011.He's next slated to be Bill Walker's DNR Commissioner.  http://www.newsminer.com/news/alaska_news/alaska-gov--elect-walker-announces-first-cabinet-picks/article_b436c932-7284-11e4-ac1b-0f4e3f0c029e.htmlMyers is a past president and board member of the Alaska Geological Society; a certified professional geologist with the American Institute of Professional Geologists; a certified petroleum geologist with the American Association of Petroleum Geologists; and a licensed geologist with the State of Alaska.He served as a pilot and intelligence officer in the U.S. Air Force Reserve from 1977 until 2003, retiring as a Lt. Colonel."@en .corpus92.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Herbert> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Gary Richard Herbert (born May 7, 1947) is an American politician who is the 17th and current Governor of Utah. A member of the Republican Party, Herbert has served as Governor since August 2009.Born in American Fork, Utah, Herbert attended Brigham Young University and served as a Staff Sergeant in the Utah Army National Guard. After serving in the National Guard, Herbert began a career in real estate and opened his own firm. Herbert won a seat on the Utah County Commission in 1990, where he served 14 years. Herbert also served as presidents of the Utah Association of Counties and Utah Association of Realtors.After initially running for the Republican nomination for Governor in 2004, Herbert teamed up with ambassador and businessman Jon Huntsman as his running mate in the general election. Herbert was sworn in as Lieutenant Governor of Utah in 2005, serving one term until he assumed the governorship on August 11, 2009, following the resignation of Governor Huntsman, who was appointed to serve as the United States Ambassador to China by President Barack Obama. Herbert was elected to serve out the remainder of the term in a special election in 2010, defeating Democratic nominee Salt Lake County Mayor Peter Corroon with 64% of the vote. He won election to a full four-year term in 2012, defeating Democratic Businessman Peter Cooke with 68% of the vote."@en .corpus92.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_the_Treasury_for_International_Affairs> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs is a senior position within the United States Department of the Treasury responsible for advising the Secretary of the Treasury on international economic issues. The office of Under Secretary for International Affairs was vacant for nearly a year, following the November 2013 departure of Lael Brainard, who had been appointed by President Barack Obama in April 2010. On Wednesday, February 12, 2014, the White House Press Office announced that U.S. President Barack Obama had nominated D. Nathan Sheets, of Maryland, to the U.S. Senate for confirmation as her replacement. On September 18, 2014, D. Nathan Sheets was confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate for the position."@en .corpus92.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Narasaki> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Karen K. Narasaki is an American civil rights leader and human rights activist. In July 2014 President Barack Obama appointed Narasaki to serve as a Commissioner on the United States Commission on Civil Rights.  She is the former president and executive director of the Asian Americans Advancing Justice | AAJC. Advancing Justice | AAJC is a Washington, D.C.-based, nonprofit civil rights organization whose mission is to advance the human and civil rights of Asian Pacific Americans through advocacy, public policy, public education and litigation. Prior to her post at AAJC, she served as the Washington, D.C. representative to the Japanese American Citizens League."@en .corpus92.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_3rd_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Washington's 3rd congressional district encompasses the southernmost portion of western and central Washington. It includes the counties of Lewis, Pacific, Wahkiakum, Cowlitz, Clark, Skamania, and Klickitat, and a small sliver of southern Thurston county. The 3rd District is represented by Republican Jaime Herrera Beutler.Established after the 1900 census, the Third District was represented by Democrats for most of the latter half of the 20th century, until Rep. Jolene Unsoeld was defeated by maverick Republican Linda Smith as part of the Republican Revolution of 1994. Smith retired after two terms and was succeeded by Democrat Brian Baird. Baird announced he wouldn't run for reelection in 2010, with Republican Jaime Herrera Beutler winning the now open seat in the 2010 general election 53%-47% against Democratic representative Denny Heck, who was subsequently elected in Washington's 10th congressional district. Herrera Beutler retained her seat 60%-40% over Democrat Jon T. Haugen in 2012.  In 2014, she beat Democrat Bob Dingethal by 61.5% to 38.5%.In presidential elections, the 3rd District is rather competitive.  It is the only part of western Washington that didn't swing heavily to the Democrats during the 1990s, and is one of the few districts in the country that cannot be considered safe for either party.  It is home to Lewis County, far and away the most conservative county in western Washington.  Additionally, most of the district is located in the Portland, Oregon market; voting patterns there are somewhat different than those in the areas closer to Seattle. George W. Bush narrowly carried the district in 2000 with 48% of the vote and again in 2004 with 50%. The district swung Democratic in 2008, giving Barack Obama 52% of the vote and 46% to John McCain.  However, redistricting (see below) extended the district further east and made it slightly more Republican than its predecessor; had the current boundaries been in effect for the 2008 election, Obama would have only defeated McCain by 50.9 percent to 47.1 percent.  In 2012, it gave Mitt Romney 49.6% to Obama's 47.9%."@en .corpus92.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_6th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Washington's 6th congressional district encompasses the Olympic Peninsula, most of the Kitsap Peninsula, and most of the city of Tacoma. The 6th District has been represented in the U.S. House of Representatives by Derek Kilmer, a Democrat from Artondale, since January 2013.  He succeeded 36-year incumbent and fellow Democrat Norm Dicks, at the time the dean of the Washington delegation.Established after the 1930 U.S. Census, the 6th District is a working class district, with many of its jobs provided by tourism and a declining timber industry on the Pacific and Juan de Fuca coasts, and by the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard in Bremerton.Presidentially, the 6th leans Democratic.  Al Gore and John Kerry carried the district in 2000 and 2004 with 52% and 53% of the vote, respectively. Barack Obama swept the district in 2008 with 57% of the vote."@en .corpus92.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manny_Alvarez> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dr. Manuel Alvarez, M.D.  (born ca.1957 in Cuba) is a Cuban-American OB-GYN who serves as senior managing health editor for the Fox News Channel and FoxNews.com, appearing on America's Newsroom, Fox & Friends, Happening Now, Varney & Co., Money with Melissa, The O'Reilly Factor, The Kelly File and Fox News Weekend. He also appears as a weekly medical contributor on WNYW-Fox 5 News.  He is an outspoken opponent of President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act, insisting it will lead to \"socialized medicine\" and \"the end of private practice\"."@en .corpus93.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_9th_congressional_district> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Washington's 9th congressional district encompasses a long, somewhat narrow area in western Washington through the densely populated central Puget Sound region, from Tacoma in the south to Bellevue in the north. Since 1997, the 9th District has been represented in the U.S. House of Representatives by Adam Smith, a Democrat from Bellevue.Established after the 1990 U.S. Census, the 9th District was originally drawn as a \"fair fight\" district. The first representative from the 9th District, Mike Kreidler (D), was defeated after one term by conservative Republican Randy Tate; Tate, in turn, was defeated after one term by Smith. Kreidler currently serves as the Washington Commissioner of Insurance, and Tate went on to succeed Ralph Reed as executive director of the Christian Coalition. Since being first elected in 1996, Smith's moderate voting record and a strong Democratic trend in the Puget Sound region have turned the formerly contentious district into a fairly safe Democratic seat. He won reelection easily in the 2008 election.Al Gore and John Kerry each carried the 9th District with 53% in 2000 and 2004, respectively. Barack Obama won the district in 2008 with 59% of the vote.In 2011 the state began the process of redistricting in response to population changes determined by the 2010 census. In the final report by the bipartisan redistricting commission issued in January 2012 shifts District 9 to the north to encompass Bellevue, southeast Seattle, and Mercer Island but only goes as far south as the southern tip of Commencement Bay in Tacoma. As of the 2012 redistricting, it is now a majority minority district."@en .corpus93.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_E._Toner> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael E. Toner, American attorney and political appointee, specialized in election law, and is currently employed by Wiley Rein LLP where he co-chairs the Election Law & Government Ethics Practice.  He formerly served as the chairman of the Federal Election Commission (FEC), the regulatory body that oversees campaign finance for United States federal elections. Mr. Toner joined Wiley Rein in 2011, after leaving Bryan Cave LLP where he was a partner for four years and was also president of Bryan Cave Strategies, which was Bryan Cave’s government affairs division. Prior to working at Bryan Cave, Toner served as chairman of the Federal Election Commission in 2006. Toner was nominated to be an FEC commissioner by President George W. Bush on March 4, 2002, and was given a recess appointment to the FEC on March 29, 2002. The United States Senate confirmed Toner to a full term as Commissioner on March 18, 2003 and he served on the FEC until 2007. Prior to being appointed to the FEC, Toner was Chief Counsel of the Republican National Committee.  Mr. Toner joined the RNC in 2001 after serving as general counsel of the Bush-Cheney Transition Team in Washington, D.C. and general counsel of the Bush-Cheney 2000 presidential campaign in Austin, Texas. Before joining the Bush Campaign in Austin, Toner was Deputy Counsel at the RNC from 1997 to 1999.  Prior to his tenure at the RNC, Mr. Toner served as Counsel to the Dole/Kemp Presidential Campaign in 1996.Toner was an associate attorney at Wiley Rein LLP (formerly Wiley Rein & Fielding LLP) in Washington, D.C. from 1992 to 1996. His work there included advising political committees and corporate clients on federal and state election law compliance.  He was also involved in a number of First and Fourteenth Amendment appellate litigation matters, including two cases that were successful in the U.S. Supreme Court.Mr. Toner has written widely on campaign finance matters, including in The Washington Post, USA Today, The New York Times, The Boston Globe, Chicago Tribune, Washington Times, The Hill Newspaper, Campaign & Elections, and Roll Call. He is a contributing author of \"Barack Obama and the New America\", \"Divided States of America: The Slash and Burn Politics of the 2004 Presidential Election\", \"The Sixth Year Itch: The Rise and Fall of the George W. Bush Presidency\", \"The Year of Obama: How Barack Obama Won the White House\", and \"Pendulum Swing\". In addition, Toner has appeared as a guest commentator on Fox News Channel, ABC News, CBS News, Bloomberg News, MSNBC, Fox Business Network, C-SPAN,  The BBC, and National Public Radio.Mr. Toner has been an adjunct professor of law at the William and Mary Law School and a lecturer in the department of politics at the University of Virginia.Mr. Toner is a member of the District of Columbia Bar and Virginia Bar Association, as well as the United States Supreme Court Bar.  He also is admitted to appear before the Fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the U.S. District Courts for the District of Columbia and Eastern District of Virginia.Mr. Toner received a J.D., cum laude, from Cornell Law School in 1992, an M.A. in political science from Johns Hopkins University in 1989, and a B.A., with distinction, from the University of Virginia in 1986."@en .corpus93.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Muhammad_Knight> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Michael Muhammad Knight (born 1977) is an American novelist, essayist, and journalist. His writings are popular among American Muslim youth. The San Francisco Chronicle described him as \"one of the most necessary and, paradoxically enough, hopeful writers of Barack Obama's America,\" while The Guardian has described him as \"the Hunter S. Thompson of Islamic literature,\"  and his non-fiction work exemplifies the principles of gonzo journalism.   Publishers Weekly describes him as \"Islam's gonzo experimentalist.\" Within the American Muslim community, he has earned a reputation as an ostentatious cultural provocateur.He obtained a master's degree from Harvard University in 2011 and is a Ph.D. student in Islamic studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill."@en .corpus93.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Secretary_of_the_Treasury_for_Terrorism_and_Financial_Intelligence> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence is a position within the United States Department of the Treasury responsible for directing the Treasury's efforts to cut the lines of financial support for terrorists, fight financial crime, enforce economic sanctions against rogue nations, and combat the financial support of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. The Under Secretary is appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate.The current Under Secretary is David S. Cohen, who has served since June 30, 2011, when he was appointed by President Barack Obama, and confirmed by the US Senate.The Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence is one of sixteen agencies in the United States Intelligence Community. In February of 2015, David S. Cohen will become the New Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency."@en .corpus93.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_from_My_Father> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance is a memoir by Barack Obama. It was first published in 1995 as Obama was preparing to launch his political career in a campaign for Illinois Senate, five years after being elected as the first African-American president of the Harvard Law Review in 1990. The book chronicles the events of Obama's life up until his entry into law school in 1988.Obama's U.S. Senate Democratic primary victory in Illinois in 2004 led to the book's re-publication in August that same year. This followed by two weeks his July keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention (DNC). Obama would later launch his campaign to be elected President of the United States three years later. The 2004 edition includes a new preface by Obama and his DNC keynote address."@en .corpus93.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_Osama_bin_Laden> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Osama bin Laden, the founder of al-Qaeda, went into hiding following the start of the War in Afghanistan in order to avoid capture by the United States and its allies for his role in the September 11, 2001 attacks, and having been on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list since 1999. After evading capture at the Battle of Tora Bora in December 2001, his whereabouts became unclear, and various rumours about his health, continued role in al-Qaeda, and location were circulated. Bin Laden also released several video and audio recordings during this time.In the decade following his disappearance, there were many attempts made by the United States government to locate bin Laden. In December, 2009, U.S. Army General Stanley McChrystal said that bin Laden would need to be \"captured or killed\" in order for the U.S. to \"finally defeat al-Qaeda.\" In August 2010, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency located a compound in Abbottabad in Pakistan and identified it as the likely location of bin Laden. On May 1, 2011, United States Navy SEALs of the Naval Special Warfare Development Group (DevGru) carried out an assault on the compound on orders from U.S. President Barack Obama. During a 40-minute raid, bin Laden was killed by one bullet above the left eye and another to the chest. The SEALs overpowered the compound's remaining residents, killing several, and extracted bin Laden's body (which was subsequently buried at sea) as well as computer hard drives, documents, and other material. After bin Laden's identity was positively confirmed, President Obama announced the operation in a national address."@en .corpus93.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Guerrero> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Tony Guerrero (born  September 20, 1966) is a musician, songwriter, and producer. His career as a jazz trumpeter has spanned over twenty years starting with the release of his first CD, Tiara, in 1988. He has since released seven solo albums, several of which garnered critical praise, Top 20 jazz radio play, and earned him a worldwide audience. His songs have been recorded by jazz artists around the world including contemporary stars, Brian Bromberg and Greg Vail, and he has toured as a headliner and guest artist throughout the United States, Europe, Asia, South America, and the South Pacific. He has played on albums from dozens of other artists and recorded and/or performed with artists as diverse as Freddie Hubbard, Tom Scott, Brian Wilson, Billy Idol, Slash, Phil Keaggy, David Pack, and countless others. His work as a producer has placed him in a wide variety of styles from jazz, rock, country, Christian, and musical theater.Guerrero's latest CD releases are \"Blue Room\"-2010 (which spent about five months on the national jazz charts) \"Apasionado\"-2008, a collection of original Latin/Brazilian themed music featuring Grant Geissman, Bill Cantos, Brian Bromberg, Eric Marienthal and more, and \"This IS The Hi-Fi Quintet\"-2008, a band project paying homage to the retro-lounge music of the 1950s–60s. Both CDs are available on iTunes and via his website, as are many of his recordings.From 1999 until 2010, Guerrero served as the Director of Creative Arts and/or Music Director for Saddleback Church (Rick Warren, pastor) where he oversaw hundreds of musicians, singers and artists in everything from weekly services to concerts and productions. In 2005 & 2006, Saddleback Church premiered a large scale musical theater production of The Journey, a Christmas musical co-written by Guerrero, and 2007 saw a new original production called \"The Christmas Station\". Guerrero recently served as music director for Rick Warren's \"Saddleback Civil Forum On the Presidency\" with John McCain and Barack Obama. He is frequently asked to speak on various aspects of church music in conferences and at churches around the world.As an author, Guerrero has written monthly articles for Worship Leader Magazine and has published his own book entitled Attracting Quality Musicians. He has also had several of his cartoons published in various publications over the years. Guerrero also maintains a large collection of Louis Armstrong memorabilia at his home in Southern California which he shares with his wife Candice and their two children, Ella and Nico."@en .corpus93.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assistant_Secretary_of_State_for_Verification,_Compliance,_and_Implementation> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Assistant Secretary of State for Arms Control, Verification and Compliance is the head of the Bureau of Arms Control, Verification and Compliance. Formerly known as the Bureau of Verification, Compliance and Implementation.(http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/ps/2010/10/148521.htm) The position was created on December 12, 1999 by Secretary Albright as the Assistant Secretary of State for Verification and Compliance. The Bureau became fully operational on February 1, 2000. Within the Department, the Assistant Secretary is responsible for all matters relating to the supervision of verification and compliance with international arms control, nonproliferation, and disarmament agreements. On March 17, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated former United States Department of Energy official Rose Gottemoeller to fill the position. She was confirmed by the Senate on April 3, 2009. Gottemoeller is an expert in Russian defense and nuclear issues.The Assistant Secretary advises the Secretary of State and the Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security/Senior Adviser to the President and the Secretary of State for Arms Control, Nonproliferation and Disarmament on the appropriate uses of the \"Key Verification Assets Fund,\" and manages the fund.The Assistant Secretary is also responsible for the President's Annual Report to Congress on Adherence to and Compliance with Arms Control Agreements, for Verifiability Assessments for all international arms control and nonproliferation agreements, and for specialized compliance reports required by U.S. Senate Resolutions of ratification, such as the Chemical Weapons Convention."@en .corpus94.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_E._Willis> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Frank E. Willis (born October 19, 1941) was the mayor of Florence, South Carolina from 1994 to 2008. His administration was widely praised for ushering in an era of economic expansion as the city of Florence rapidly grew into a regional business hub for the eastern Carolinas, especially in the areas of health care and financial services.Prior to serving as mayor, Willis was a successful local businessman who chaired the Florence County Economic Development Authority. In 1980, he co-founded the South Carolina Transportation Policy and Research Council. As a conservative member of the Democratic Party, he was an ardent supporter of both Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Leadership Council.In 1994, Willis defeated former Mayor Rocky Pearce and won the Democratic Party's mayoral nomination. He then went on to defeat the Republican nominee, City Councilman John Chase, in the general election. Due to a slight change in election law, however, Mayor Willis's initial term was extended through 1998, allowing him to win re-election in 2000 and then again in 2004. Florence has a council-manager government, so the mayor works part-time in conjunction with the city council, the city manager and the county council. Frank Willis was raised just north of Florence in Darlington, South Carolina and graduated from St. John's High School. He later married Marguerite Smith and earned a bachelor’s degree from the University of South Carolina. For over 35 years, Willis served as Chairman and CEO of the Willis Construction Company, a business his father headquartered in Florence. Early in his administration, Willis used his own equipment to clear out vacant lots and wooded areas that had long been associated with gang activity. The mayor was very successful in attracting new businesses to Florence County, but his initiatives to curb crime, drug use and urban sprawl were met with mixed results. In 2006, Mayor Willis unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic Party's gubernatorial nomination. He outperformed Columbia attorney C. Dennis Aughtry, but ultimately lost the primary to Tommy Moore, a longtime state senator from Aiken. Moore, in turn, was later defeated in the general election by Republican Governor Mark Sanford.In June 2008, while seeking a fourth term in office, Willis unexpectedly lost the Democratic Party's mayoral nomination to local attorney Stephen Wukela by just one vote. Wukela, a 32-year-old graduate of both Clemson University and the George Washington University Law School, was an outspoken supporter of Barack Obama and adopted many of his campaign themes. In 2004, the progressive Wukela unsuccessfully challenged Florence's senior Republican state senator, Hugh K. Leatherman, Sr. No Republicans filed to run for the mayor's office in the November 2008 general election, although former Mayor Rocky Pearce announced that he would run as an independent. Mayor Pearce, who served two consecutive terms as a Democrat from 1982–1990, owns an insurance company that was started by his father. Like Mayor Willis, Pearce, 56, was a conservative who attended USC and once chaired the Florence County Economic Development Authority. At the age of 31, Pearce defeated incumbent Mayor Cooper Tedder (D). He ultimately lost his bid for a third consecutive term to attorney Haigh Porter (D). An automatic municipal recount upheld Wukela's narrow victory over Frank Willis. Citing \"voter confusion\", Willis then appealed that decision to the South Carolina Democratic Party, who ruled in favor of Wukela, and denied the mayor's request for another primary election. Afterwards, the mayor took the matter before a local circuit court, but the judge dismissed the case, and stated that the results from the Democratic primary were legitimate. The mayor then appealed the circuit court's decision to the South Carolina Supreme Court, but the case was similarly dismissed. In both cases, Wukela was represented by his father, who is the proprietor of the Wukela Law Firm and a prominent personal injury lawyer. After the Supreme Court decision, Mayor Willis finally conceded the race, telling the Florence Morning News: \"It's over.\" He declined to officially endorse either Wukela or Pearce as his successor, although the Florence City Council and the Florence Morning News endorsed Mayor Pearce. Wukela, however, ultimately defeated Pearce in the general election by a ten point margin.   Willis is the third longest-serving mayor in Florence history after David H. McLeod (16 years) and Herbert Gilbert (20 years)."@en .corpus94.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/HopeLab> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "HopeLab is a 501(c)(3) private operating foundation based in Redwood City, CA. HopeLab researches and develops technology-based products to improve human health and well-being. The foundation now focuses on resilience research as part of a strategy to design products that support the psychological and biological health of individuals and communities. The foundation was established in 2001 by Pam Omidyar and is part of the Omidyar Group of philanthropic enterprises founded and funded by Pam and her husband Pierre Omidyar, founder and chairman of eBay.HopeLab has been named a Social Enterprise of the Year by Fast Company magazine and was recognized by President Barack Obama and the White House Office of Social Innovation and Civic Participation for pioneering work to improve the health of young people. For her work with HopeLab, Pam Omidyar received the inaugural Peter Samuelson Award for Innovation at the Starlight Children's Foundation in 2007."@en .corpus94.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghanistan–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Afghanistan–United States relations can be traced to 1921 but the first contact between the two occurred further back in 1830s when the first recorded person from the United States was visiting Afghanistan. In the last decade, Afghan-American relations have become stronger than ever before. Afghanistan and the United States have a very strong and friendly strategic partnership. In 2012, relations became even closer when the President of the United States, Barack Obama declared Afghanistan a Major non-NATO ally. According to a 2012 BBC poll, the U.S. was the most favored country in Afghanistan."@en .corpus94.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxanne_Roberts> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Roxanne M. Roberts (born 1954 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is a style writer for the Washington Post. She is co-author of \"The Reliable Source\" column with Amy Argetsinger, the paper's daily chronicle of Washington D.C.'s notables and society events. She is a regular panelist on the NPR quiz show Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!. In 2000, Roberts appeared on the \"In\" list in Washingtonian magazine.In 2009, Roberts received some media attention for her role in the gatecrashing incident at the first state dinner under the presidency of Barack Obama. She informed two White House staffers that the Salahis were not on the official guest list, and was apparently the only person who caught the mishap that night. However, her suspicions were not acted on, which furthered the image that the White House staff at the event had handled the situation incompetently."@en .corpus95.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Associate_Attorney_General> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Associate Attorney General is the third-ranking official in the United States Department of Justice. The Associate Attorney General advises and assists the Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General in policies relating to civil justice, federal and local law enforcement, and public safety matters. The Associate Attorney General is appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. The incumbent Associate Attorney General is Tony WestThe Office of the Associate Attorney General oversees the Antitrust Division, the Civil Division, the Environment and Natural Resources Division, the Tax Division, the Office of Justice Programs, the Community Oriented Policing Services, the Community Relations Service, the Office of Dispute Resolution, the Office of Violence Against Women, the Office of Information and Privacy, the Executive Office for United States Trustees, and the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission.The Office of the Associate Attorney General was created on March 10, 1977 by Attorney General Order No. 699-77. Several recent former Associate Attorneys General include Jay B. Stephens, Acting Associate Attorney General Peter D. Keisler, Raymond C. Fisher, Stephen S. Trott, Arnold I. Burns, Rudy Giuliani, Robert McCallum, Jr., Frank Keating, Webster Hubbell and Acting Associate Attorney General William W. Mercer.On January 5, 2009, President-elect Barack Obama nominated Thomas J. Perrelli as the 18th Associate Attorney General of the United States.  He was confirmed by the United States Senate in a 72–20 vote on March 12, 2009. On February 27, 2012 appointment of Tony West as Acting Associate Attorney General was announced. West was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in 2013."@en .corpus95.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalamazoo_Central_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kalamazoo Central High School is a public high school in Kalamazoo, Michigan serving students from ninth through twelfth grades. It was the first public high school in Michigan. It began operating in 1858 and graduated its first class of five men and three women in 1859. It moved to its current location in 1972. It is rated Class A by the Michigan High School Athletic Association (MHSAA). On May 4, 2010, the White House announced that Central High had won the first annual Race to the Top High School Commencement Challenge and that President Barack Obama will deliver the school’s 2010 commencement address.Kalamazoo Central students are eligible for the Kalamazoo Promise, which provides reduced or free college tuition for students attending public colleges in Michigan."@en .corpus95.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_bid_for_the_2016_Summer_Olympics> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Chicago bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics was an unsuccessful bid, first recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) on September 14, 2007. The IOC shortlisted four of the seven applicant cities—Madrid, Spain; Tokyo, Japan; Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; and Chicago, United States; over Baku, Azerbaijan; Doha, Qatar; and Prague, Czech Republic—on June 4, 2008 during a meeting in Athens, Greece. This was followed by an intensive bidding process which finished with the election of Rio de Janeiro at the 121st IOC Session in Copenhagen, Denmark, on October 2, 2009.In Chicago's bid, the games would have been held from July 22 to August 7, with the Paralympics held between August 12 and August 28. The bid plan emphasized use of Chicago Park District parks to host the games, but other existing facilities such as Soldier Field and McCormick Place would host events.  The bid included a plan for North Side, Downtown Loop and South Side celebration locations that would have had massive, high-definition LED screens for unticketed visitors.  The bid noted that there was a very high concentration of event locations and training facilities very close to each other and that the majority of event sites were clustered together. Thus, the vast majority of athletes would have been close to their competitions.Chicago earned a general score of 7.0 during the Applicant phase, after a detailed study of the Applicant Files received by the IOC Working Group on January 14, 2008. Between April 4 and April 7, 2009, the IOC Evaluation Commission, led by Nawal El Moutawakel, arrived in Chicago to assess the conditions of the city. The Commission attended technical presentations, participated in question-and-answer sessions about the Candidature File and made inspections in all the existing venues across the city. Though considered a favorite entering the voting process, and despite personal appeals from such high-profile Chicagoans as U.S. President Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, Hillary Rodham Clinton, and Oprah Winfrey, Chicago was eliminated on the first ballot in IOC voting on October 2, 2009. Chicago was eliminated in the first round of voting with only 18 votes in a three-round exhaustive ballot of the IOC.The United States Olympic Committee (USOC) selected Chicago over Houston, Los Angeles, Philadelphia and San Francisco, as its candidate city to host the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics on April 14, 2007. This is the city's third failure, after two failed attempts for the 1952 and the 1956 Summer Olympics. Numerous Olympic Games in North America, including the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada, hurt Chicago's bid. It would have been the ninth Olympics hosted in the United States, after the 1904, 1932, 1984 and 1996 Summer Olympics; and the 1932, 1960, 1980 and 2002 Winter Olympics."@en .corpus95.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kneeland_Youngblood> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Kneeland Youngblood (born December 13, 1955) is an African-American physician, businessman, and political figure. He is the co-founder of the venture capital firm Pharos Capital Group, LLC, which specializes in raising private equity for undercapitalized businesses in underserved regions across the nation.   Youngblood is listed as a top bundler for Barack Obama, having bundled more than $200,000.Youngblood was born in Galena Park, Texas. He became involved in politics at a young age, and was a page in the Texas State Legislature at age 14. Youngblood attended Princeton University and earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science in 1978. Before he graduated (at the risk of expulsion) Youngblood participated in a sit-in calling for Princeton to divestment from South Africa under apartheid.Youngblood traveled to Oxford, England, and Stockholm, Sweden, before returning to the United States. He attended the University of Texas Health Science Center and earned his M.D. in 1982. He was a resident in Emergency Medicine at the Emory University School of Medicine from 1983 to 1985, training primarily at Grady Memorial Hospital.  Youngblood worked in medicine from 1985 to 1997 as an emergency medicine physician at the Medical Center of Plano.From 1993 to 1999, Youngblood served on the board of the Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS) as a trustee and chairman of the Fund's Real Estate Committee, directing asset allocations and managing the fund's $1.4 billion portfolio. In 1994, President Bill Clinton nominated Youngblood to the Board of Directors of the United States Enrichment Corporation (USEC). While on the board Youngblood traveled to Africa and met Nelson Mandela, which led him to write the essay \"From Sit-in to Soweto.\" While with the Clinton administration, he also served on the Task Force on National Health Care Reform headed by First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton.In 1997, Youngblood, along with Michael Devlin and Robert Crants, founded Pharos Capital Group, LLC, a private equity firm.Youngblood's other board memberships include: AMR Investments, Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Burger King, The Gap, Inc., and the City of Dallas Employee Retirement System. He is Director Emeritus of the U.S. Enrichment Corporation and iStar Financial, a NYSE-traded real estate investment trust (REIT). He is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.."@en .corpus95.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Boyda> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Nancy Boyda (born August 2, 1955) is a former Democratic congresswoman representing Kansas's 2nd congressional district. On November 4, 2008, Boyda was defeated for re-election by Kansas State Treasurer Lynn Jenkins, after serving one term. Following her term in Congress, Boyda was named by President Barack Obama as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Manpower and Personnel at The Pentagon, and was sworn into the position on July 20, 2009."@en .corpus96.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lloyd_Young> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "John Lloyd Mills Young (born July 4, 1975) is an American actor and singer. In 2006, he won the Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical for his role as Frankie Valli in Broadway's Jersey Boys. He is the only American actor to date to have received a Lead Actor in a Musical Tony, Drama Desk, Outer Critics Circle and Theatre World Award for a Broadway debut. Young sang lead vocals on the Grammy-award winning Jersey Boys cast album, certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. Young reprised his role as Frankie Valli in Warner Brothers' film adaptation of Jersey Boys, directed by Clint Eastwood and released June 20, 2014.Young was appointed by President Barack Obama to the President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities.  He was sworn in by Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan on November 21, 2013."@en .corpus96.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_District_Court_for_the_Middle_District_of_Tennessee> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee (in case citations, M.D. Tenn.) is the federal trial court for most of Middle Tennessee.  Based in Nashville, it was created in 1839 when Congress added a third district to the state.  Tennessee—along with Kentucky, Ohio, and Michigan -- is located within the area covered by United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, and appeals are taken to that court (except for patent claims and claims against the U.S. government under the Tucker Act, which are appealed to the Federal Circuit).David Rivera was named the Acting United States Attorney in April 2013, and was officially nominated to be the permanent US Attorney by President Barack Obama on June 19, 2014. His nomination was confirmed by the Senate on December 16, 2014.The Middle District has three divisions.(1)  The Columbia Division comprises the counties of Giles, Hickman, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, Maury, and Wayne.(2)  The Northeastern Division comprises the counties of Clay, Cumberland, DeKalb, Fentress, Jackson, Macon, Overton, Pickett, Putnam, Smith, and White.(3)  The Nashville Division comprises the counties of Cannon, Cheatham, Davidson, Dickson, Houston, Humphreys, Montgomery, Robertson, Rutherford, Stewart, Sumner, Trousdale, Williamson, and Wilson."@en .corpus96.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migration_and_Refugee_Assistance_Act> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Migration and Refugee Assistance Act was passed in 1962 to deal with unexpected  and urgent needs of refugees, displaced persons, conflict victims, and other persons at risk around the globe.The Act was brought into force during the Clinton administration in 2001 to deal with the crises in the Balkans and Nepal.The Act was cited by President Barack Obama in 2009 to authorize money up to $20.3 million related to needs of Palestinian refugees and conflict victims in Gaza.  [1]"@en .corpus96.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_the_United_States_National_Park_System_official_units> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Official Units of the National Park System of the United States is the collection of physical properties owned or administered by the National Park Service.As of 2014, there are 405 official units of the National Park System.  However, this number can be misleading. For example, Denali National Park and Preserve are counted as two units, since the same name applies to a national park and an adjacent national preserve. Elsewhere, Fort Moultrie National Monument is not counted as a separate unit because it is considered a feature of the larger Fort Sumter National Monument. Furthermore, the NPS contributes resources to \"affiliated areas\" which do not fall under its administration, and these do not count toward the official list number.  An example is Oklahoma City National Memorial.These units are a subset of the List of areas in the National Park System of the United States, and nearly all participate in the national park passport stamps program.  Until 2013, Delaware was the only state without an official unit (President Barack Obama designated First State National Monument under the Antiquities Act on March 25, 2013. It was subsequently redesignated a national historical park). National park system units are also found in Washington, D.C., Guam, American Samoa, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico.Bold indicates national parks."@en .corpus96.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Proskow> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Jackson Proskow is a Canadian journalist with the Global Television Network. He is currently the network's Washington Bureau Chief, reporting for Global National, the network's flagship national news broadcast.Proskow was born in Calgary, Alberta and began his career at Shaw TV at age 16. After attending the University of Calgary and SAIT Polytechnic, he was hired by Global Television as a videographer and anchor in Lethbridge, Alberta in June 2004. In September 2005 he joined CHCH-TV in Hamilton, Ontario. He joined Global Toronto in January 2006, before moving to Washington, DC in August 2014.During his tenure as City Hall reporter for Global Toronto he covered the turmoil surrounding Mayor Rob Ford, and at an unscheduled press conference, asked the question that resulted in Ford's admission of crack cocaine use while mayor. During an investigation he uncovered major structural issues with Toronto's Gardiner Expressway that had gone unreported to municipal politicians. Proskow has covered major international stories including the Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton, the Alberta floods of 2013 and President Barack Obama's inaugural visit to Canada.Proskow's reporting has won numerous awards, including an Edward R. Murrow award for his investigation into safety issues with Toronto's Gardiner Expressway. He currently lives in Washington, DC."@en .corpus97.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Tangherlini> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Daniel M. \"Dan\" Tangherlini is the Administrator of the United States General Services Administration.  Unanimously approved to the post by the United States Senate on June 27, 2013, he had served as Acting Administrator since his appointment by President Barack Obama on April 2, 2012.  He earlier served as an executive in the U.S. Department of the Treasury, as City Administrator of Washington, D.C., and as interim General Manager for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority."@en .corpus97.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Forge_High_School> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Valley Forge High School is located in Parma Heights, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland. It is one of three high schools in the Parma City School District, which is one of the largest school districts in the state of Ohio, serving the cities of Parma, Parma Heights, and Seven Hills.  The school's colors are navy blue and white; its sports teams are known as the Patriots.  Valley Forge High School athletic teams compete in the newly formed Northeast Ohio Conference.In the 2005 Marching Season, Valley Forge Patriot Marching Band became the first band in the Parma City School District to earn the right to attend and perform at the OMEA Marching Band State Finals in Columbus, Ohio. The band performed as a Class AA band. The band was later presented with a commendation for this achievement by the Board of Education for Parma and Parma Heights.On March 1, 2008, Valley Forge High School was the site of a Town Hall Meeting by President Barack Obama. He spoke to a crowd of 1,300 in the high school's auditorium on topics including the foreclosure crisis and health care."@en .corpus97.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abie_Philbin_Bowman> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Abie Philbin Bowman is an Irish comedian and journalist. His works include Jesus: The Guantanamo Years and Eco-Friendly Jihad.He is the writer/director/performer of Jesus: The Guantanamo Years, which was staged in 2006 in the Project Arts Centre (Temple Bar, Dublin) and the Underbelly (Cowgate, Edinburgh) as part of the Edinburgh Fringe. The show was widely reported in the media and sold out - The Scotsman referred to him as \"the face of this year's Fringe\". In 2007, the show toured to London's West End, Jimmy Tingle's Off Broadway Theater in Boston, theatres across Ireland and the World Performing Arts Festival in Lahore, Pakistan. Performances in Belfast in Autumn 2007, were boycotted by Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party.Philbin Bowman followed this up with further performances at The Underbelly for the 2008 festival, as well as his show Eco-Friendly Jihad. In November 2008 he began working in radio full-time. On the night Barack Obama was elected US President, Philbin Bowman interviewed the National Membership Director of the Ku Klux Klan on Irish radio station, i102-104. Later that month, he began hosting the main talk show - The Third i - on their sister station, i105-107. He hosted the Third i until May, 2009. He then returned to comedy and resumed touring 'Eco-Friendly Jihad', using the tag line 'The comedy show bin Laden took seriously', following an audiotape - allegedly by the Al Qaeda leader, Osama bin Laden - which blamed the US for climate change.With debating partner, Manus de Barra, Philbin Bowman won the Leinster Schools, National Schools and International Observer Mace debating competitions in 2000. He wrote a regular column for The Dubliner magazine from 2001 to 2008. He is the son of broadcaster John Bowman and the brother of deceased journalist Jonathan Philbin Bowman."@en .corpus97.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorain_County_Community_College> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Lorain County Community College is a community college located in the city of Elyria in Lorain County, Ohio, United States, which is part of the Greater Cleveland region. Its motto is \"Real education for a real future.\" It was visited by  U.S. President Barack Obama in January 2010 and April 2012.LCCC's Division of Arts and Humanities is home to several distinguished scholars and artists, notably 2013 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry finalist and 2006 Lannan Literary Award-winning poet and memoirist Bruce Weigl and composer Jeffrey Mumford, 2013 composer-in-residence at the National Gallery of Art.  Marilyn Valentino, professor emeritus of English, served as national chair of the Conference on College Composition and Communication in 2010.LCCC was the first community college to exhibit a fabrication lab, the \"Fab Lab\", on its campus. As a Massachusetts Institute of Technology project in 2005, it was the second public facility in the country with the equipment. This cutting edge technology allows students and the community first hand experience with a very technical and economical skill."@en .corpus97.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Publishing_Group> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The Crown Publishing Group is a subsidiary of Random House, the world's largest book publisher, and publishes across several categories including fiction, non-fiction, biography, autobiography and memoir, cooking, health, business, and lifestyle. Its imprints include Crown, Crown Archetype, Crown Business, Crown Forum, Hogarth, Three Rivers Press, Clarkson Potter, Potter Craft, Potter Style, Broadway Books, Broadway Paperbacks, Doubleday Religion, WaterBrook/Multnomah, Harmony Books, Watson-Guptill, Amphoto Books, and Ten Speed Press. Formerly, the company also used the Bell Tower Press, Orion Books (unconnected to Orion Publishing in the United Kingdom), and related imprints, although these have now either been discontinued or transferred to other Random House units.Crown authors include Jean Auel, Max Brooks, George W. Bush, Deepak Chopra, Ann Coulter, Giada De Laurentiis, Gillian Flynn, Jim Gaffigan, Ina Garten, Mindy Kaling, Jillian Michaels, Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, Theresa Rebeck, Mark Brennan Rosenberg, Rebecca Skloot, Suzanne Somers, Martha Stewart, and many others."@en .corpus97.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea–United_States_relations> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Republic of Korea–United States relations (Korean: 한미관계 Romaja: Hanmi gwangye) have been extensive since 1950, when the United States helped establish the modern state of South Korea and fought on its UN-sponsored side in the Korean War (1950–1953).  During the subsequent four decades, South Korea experienced tremendous economic, political and military growth, and significantly reduced U.S. dependency. From Roh Tae-woo's administration to Roh Moo-hyun's administration, South Korea sought to establish an American partnership, which has made the Seoul-Washington relationship subject to some strains, especially with the Anti-US/Korean sentiments. However, relations between the United States and South Korea have greatly strengthened under the conservative, pro-U.S. Lee Myung-bak administration. At the 2009 G-20 London Summit, U.S. President Barack Obama called South Korea \"one of America's closest allies and greatest friends.\" In addition, South Korea has been designated as a Major non-NATO ally."@en .corpus97.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Day> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Loving Day is an annual celebration held on June 12, the anniversary of the 1967 United States Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia which struck down all anti-miscegenation laws remaining in sixteen U.S. states citing \"There can be no doubt that restricting the freedom to marry solely because of racial classifications violates the central meaning of the equal protection clause.\" In the United States, anti-miscegenation laws were U.S. state laws banning interracial marriage, mainly forbidding marriage between non-whites and whites. Loving Day is not yet an official recognized holiday by the U.S. government, but there is a movement to persuade U.S. President Barack Obama to make it so.  Loving Day is the biggest multiracial celebration in the United States."@en .corpus97.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subject_matter_in_South_Park> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "South Park has attempted to cover and satirize a large number of topics over the course of its run. South Park Studio's use of computer animation allows it to edit episodes in days, quickly commenting on recent events (Elián González, 2000 U.S. presidential election, the capture of Saddam Hussein, the election of Barack Obama etc.). The creators also have engendered a mix of socially liberal and fiscally conservative viewpoints, espousing a libertarian ideology in both real life and on the show. However, the show's creators call themselves \"equal opportunity offenders\",  and reject the notion that they are trying to put forth any consistent ideological agenda through the show."@en .corpus98.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Whitaker> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Norris J. \"Jim\" Whitaker (born September 30, 1950) is an American politician of the Republican Party who served as mayor of Fairbanks North Star Borough, Alaska, from 2003 to 2009.  Prior to his mayoral term, Whitaker served in the Alaska House of Representatives from 1999 to 2003.  In October 2003 he was elected borough mayor, defeating the incumbent, fellow Republican Rhonda Boyles.  Whitaker was reelected in 2006 with over 77% of the vote.  As mayor, Whitaker was known for supporting spending on quality of life services such as parks and recreation, as well as spearheading a campaign to prevent a drastic reduction in the operations of Eielson Air Force Base due to federal budget cuts.Whitaker endorsed Democrat Barack Obama in the 2008 United States presidential election and spoke during the second day of the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Many member of the state GOP expressed ill feelings about the decision, with one former state senator accusing him of being a Republican In Name Only.  Whitaker's endorsement of Obama was notable as the mayor of the second-largest metropolitan area in Alaska, the home state of 2008 Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin, who was nominated by John McCain after the Democratic convention.In 2009, Whitaker endorsed Democrat Luke Hopkins to be his successor as mayor.  Hopkins won the election in a runoff on November 3 and succeeded Whitaker on November 16, 2009.In 2014, Whitaker was selected to be Governor Bill Walker's Chief of Staff."@en .corpus98.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Dome_(Monaca)> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "For other uses and meanings of \"Golden Dome\", see Golden Dome (disambiguation).Golden Dome is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Monaca, Pennsylvania.  It hosts various local concerts and sporting events for the area and was the home arena for the Pittsburgh Patriots of the American Basketball Association and several other music and political events most recently a major campaign speech from then Senator Barack Obama in March 2008 [1].  It was built in 1975 and is one of only eight remaining geodesic dome structures in the United States.It is also home to the Beaver County Sports Hall of Fame.  Inside the entrance are plaques that ring the wall of the gym. Visitors will find tributes to Beaver County's most-esteemed sportsmen, including basketball legends Norm Van Lier, Denny Wuycik and Sean Miller, football greats Joe Namath, Babe Parilli and Sean Gilbert, and the father-and-son baseball stars Tito Francona and Terry Francona. [2]"@en .corpus98.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Górski> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Artur Górski (born January 30, 1970 in Warsaw) is a Polish politician. He was elected to the Sejm on September 25, 2005 getting 2850 votes in 19 Warsaw district, running on the Law and Justice ticket. He was reelected in 2007 and is still in office. Górski was also the first chairman of the Conservative-Monarchist Club.In late 2006, he spearheaded an initiative - along with other members of the League of Polish Families, Polish People's Party and his own party - to declare Jesus Christ the honorary King of Poland.On November 5, 2008, a day after Barack Obama's victory in the United States presidential election, he called Obama the \"black messiah of the new left\" and said his victory marks the \"end of the civilization of the white man\". On December 4, 2008 the Sejm's Parliamentary Ethics Commission ordered Górski to apologize publicly for his comments about Barack Obama or to face parliamentary disciplinary proceedings. Górski told the journalists that he probably will apologize but that he had two weeks to make up his mind.In April 2010, Górski apologized after suggesting in an interview that Russia might have been responsible for the Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash which killed President Lech Kaczyński. Górski said that he had been speaking in \"a state of shock\".Górski is a vigorous opponent of legalizing same-sex unions. He likens homosexuality to ″moral decay of a society″ and claims homosexuality is a sin that cries to the heaven."@en .corpus99.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azizah_Y._al-Hibri> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Azizah Y. al-Hibri is a professor at the T. C. Williams School of Law, University of Richmond. She is a former professor of Philosophy, founding editor of  Hypatia: a Journal of Feminist Philosophy, and founder and president of KARAMAH: Muslim Women Lawyers for Human Rights.  A Fulbright scholar, she has written extensively on issues of Islam and democracy, Muslim women’s rights, and human rights in Islam. She guest-edited a special volume on Islam for the Journal of Law and Religion. Her recent articles include “An Islamic Perspective on Domestic Violence” (Fordham International Law Journal, December 2003) and “Redefining Muslim Women’s Roles in the Next Century” (Democracy and the Rule of Law, Congressional Quarterly, 2001). She was an advisor to the award-winning, PBS-broadcast documentary Muhammad: Legacy of a Prophet (2002), produced by Unity Productions Foundation. She is currently completing a book on the Islamic marriage contract in American courts. Al-Hibri is a member of the advisory board of various organizations, including the PEW Forum on Religion in Public Life, the Pluralism Project Harvard University, and Religion and Ethics NewsWeekly (PBS). She is also a member of the Constitution Project's Liberty and Security Committee. In June 2011, al-Hibri was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve as a commissioner on the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom.Al-Hibri is the grandchild of Sheik Toufik El Hibri who established the first scout movement in the Arab world."@en .corpus99.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Ambassador_to_Ireland> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "The United States Ambassador to Ireland is a position in existence since the 1920s, and is considered a highly prestigious position within the United States Foreign Service.There have been a total of 31 United States Ambassadors to Dublin. All except one, Frederick A. Sterling, have been non-career appointees.The ambassador and embassy staff at large work at the Ballsbridge Chancery of the Embassy of the United States of America in Dublin. Deerfield Residence is the official residence of the U.S. Ambassador, located in the Phoenix Park, Dublin.Kevin O'Malley is the incumbent US Ambassador to Ireland, an Irish American St. Louis attorney who President Barack Obama nominated on June 5, 2014. Mr. O'Malley was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 18, 2014, sworn-in by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry on September 30, 2014, and presented his credentials to Irish President Michael D. Higgins on October 8, 2014. The post had been vacant for almost two years, following the resignation of Dan Rooney on December 14, 2012. Stuart Dwyer had been the Chargé d'affaires since September 5, 2013, and became Deputy Chief of Mission (DCM) following the appointment of O'Malley."@en .corpus99.ttl:<http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Johns> <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract> "Marie Collins Johns (born August 19, 1951) is a former deputy administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), a federal agency which provides small businesses with access to capital and government contracts, counseling and training, and disaster relief. She was nominated by President Barack Obama on December 17, 2009, and confirmed unanimously by the Senate on June 22, 2010.  Johns is a former president and CEO of the telecommunications company Verizon, Washington, D.C. She made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic party nomination in the 2006 Washington, DC Mayoral Race."@en .